---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Beginnings of Scouting
number: 1
---

The story of Camp Workcoeman begins with Scouting itself. Before William Boyce
incorporated the Boy Scouts of America in February of 1910, various
character building groups for young men already existed in the United States.
Ernest Seton and Daniel Beard ran the two largest associations, the Woodcraft
Indians and the Sons of Daniel Boon, respectively. When Boyce brought Robert
Baden-Powell's British Scouting model to the United States, he only owned the
Boy Scouts of America name and had permission to use Baden Powell's Handbook,
*Scouting for Boys*. Edgar Robinson of the Young Men's Christian Association
ended up providing the organizational skills and the national network to get
the BSA off the ground. Robinson pulled Seton, Beard, and two other Scouting
associations together to form a nationwide movement.

While Robinson was providing the first organization, the very first troops were
already meeting. These groups formed along the same chaotic lines as the
National Council, often boys from a civic club or church started a patrol; some
used *Scouting for Boys* before 1910. Sometimes these troops did not receive
official charters from the national office in New York City, and many others
gathered together and split apart without the Boy Scouts of America being the
wiser.

The first formally chartered troop in Litchfield County, possibly in
Connecticut, was made up of the boys of the First Baptist Church, in Winsted.
The Reverend Franklin Elmer provided the momentum for the troop and served as
Scoutmaster. The photo below shows Winsted Scouts on a hike around 1910. Of the
eleven Scouts in the photo, twelve if the photographer is included, some may
be, Stanly Colt, Lester McFarland, Harold Sanford, Willys Sanford, Harold
Smith, or Ralph Smith.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/1a.jpg" title="Winsted Scouts" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/1a-sm.jpg" alt="Winsted Scouts" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
