---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Scout Mothers&rsquo; Auxiliary
number: 10
---

The 1925 camp season may have been just as successful as the first in 1924, but
behind the scenes the Torrington Council was struggling. The council only had
enough funds to pay Scout Executive Herbert McLeod part time. Often the scout
office was only open evenings, because McLeod had to work elsewhere during the
day. Without the support of a full time executive, the Council's youth
membership stagnated, and nearly a fifth of the Scouters dropped their
registrations. This lack of engagement showed in the 1926 camp season; while
Camp Workcoeman accommodated 20 boys per week in 1925, in 1926 the camp size
was limited to 16 boys a week, for the same four-week season.

In 1927 Camp Workcoeman was only open for two weeklong sessions in July, and a
few weekend sessions during the month of August. Because Chief McLeod was
committed to his other job, Alex Goodskey, a teacher and outdoorsman, served as
Camp Director. However, council volunteers used the camp season to grow
Scouting in Torrington. From around the city, boys not involved in Scouting
were recruited to attend camp, and also sign up as Scouts. The camping
committee offered numerous facility improvements to attract more campers; in
addition to tent platforms and new cots, the council completed a dining hall
and kitchen that had been started the previous year. Neils Rosenbeck, Chairman
of Troop 10, and John Calder, Council Vice President, organized most of the
fundraising for the new hall, but their drive also helped to secure the
financial future of the council.

Frank Coe's widow, Jennie, coordinated recruiting among the registered boys,
through the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary. The Auxiliary was originally an informal
group, made up of Troop 2 moms, who arranged transportation for camping trips.
Jennie Coe got involved late in 1926, and the organization was formalized with
her as president early the next year. She tried to get every Scout mother in
Torrington to join, and then encourage them to send their boys to camp. The
Auxiliary was a mix of social club and fundraising arm, spending just as much
time fundraising as out picnicking or at card parties. They provided camp
scholarships and many of the niceties that did not fit into the council budget,
ranging from curtains for the kitchen to the camp's first archery set.

The photo below shows Jennie Coe and several visitors, along with the camp
staff, at Workcoeman in the late 1920s.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/10a.jpg" title="Jennie Coe, et al." data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/10a-sm.jpg" alt="Jennie Coe, et al." style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
