---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: 1928 Season
number: 12
---

The 1928 camp season opened on Sunday 1 July with a great deal of promise.
Reservations were far ahead of any previous year, and the Scouts had many
developments to look forward to, including a radio and phonograph. Fredrick
Baldwin and his Camping Committee pulled stumps from the old tenting area to
create a parade ground. Chief Jacot secured a donation of a new flagpole from
the American Legion, where he was an active member. As part of the first week's
activities, the campers and staff raised the flagpole on the east side of the
new parade ground.

A week of camp offered boys a tightly filled schedule; camp started each
morning at seven, with reveille and a voluntary swim. Then, morning colors at
seven-twenty, followed by a seven-thirty breakfast. The morning's program was
filled with two hours of scoutcraft, before a swimming period at eleven. Right
before lunch, a staff man inspected the campers' tents for cleanliness and
organization, rating each tent. After lunch, Scouts had various camp
responsibilities, such as hauling water from a spring a quarter mile away. The
boys carried the water to the dining hall and used it to top off the large
drinking water tank. The open space that the parade ground provided meant that
the Scouts could play baseball at camp, along with other games, at two o'clock.
Then, as now, free swim was at four in the afternoon. Each night after dinner,
the Scouts took the fleet of five boats out onto the lake, and then joined
together for a campfire at eight-thirty.

Scouts occasionally broke from the schedule, weekly for an outpost trek, which
usually involved a stop to play a baseball game at Camp Pioneer or Camp
Sequassen. A few Scouts also hiked to the Legionaries encampment, at the new
American Legion State Forest in Barkhamsted. Throughout the season, the boys
constructed a swimming raft, crafted around sealed metal barrels. The Scout
Mothers' Auxiliary provided a donation to get the raft started the previous
fall, and when the group joined their sons for a picnic at camp, they presented
$16.31 to pay for the last parts of the raft. The campers and staff finally
carried the ten-foot by twelve-foot raft into the lake during the fifth week of
camp. Over the summer, about a quarter of the boys in camp signed up for an
addition week, making the 1928 season the most successful to that point.
Seventy Scouts attended for one hundred and twenty-four boy-weeks, 163% of the
1924 record.

The image below shows Scouts packing their backpacks on the parade ground,
under the flagpole. The photograph was probably taken around 1930, and shows
the first dining hall, now the kitchen, in the background.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/12a.jpg" title="Parade Ground (around 1930)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/12a-sm.jpg" alt="Parade Ground (around 1930)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
