---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Affect of the Great Depression
number: 16
---

The prosperity of the 1920s facilitated new programs and modern equipment at
Camp Workcoeman. The breadth of the economic crisis of 1929 was not immediately
apparent to the Scouters of the Northern Litchfield County Council. However, in
1930 the campaign to raise money to grade the camp road and drill a well fell
flat. In addition to the problems funding camp projects, the annual council
fund drive came up short, by nearly a quarter of the goal. The 1931 fund drive
was more ambitious, seeking to make up for the previous years loss with a
higher goal. While the 1931 drive raised an additional four hundred and
sixty-nine dollars, percentage wise the fundraiser was even less successful.
These difficulties were endemic of the 1930s, the troubles of raising money
exposed deflation. In deflation, the amount of money available for transactions
drops, and because of the slow rate at which the economy can adjust to the
smaller money supply, deflation strangles the economy. For the Scouts in
Connecticut, this meant it was very difficult to get together the funds for a
week of camp. As long as deflation rode on the economy, the Council would find
it difficult to fund its programs and expand Camp Workcoeman.

In 1930 the large-scale unemployment that characterized the Great Depression
was not yet widespread, hovering around 5.4%. But in 1931, as the depression
worsened and business closed, the unemployed rate rose. Torrington's corporate
leaders, who were some of the most active Scouters, spent much more of their
time trying to keep their businesses afloat. For example, in March, F. Earle
Coe resigned as Council Commissioner to devote his time to keeping the
Warrenton Woolen Mill out of bankruptcy. In spite of these monetary problems,
the Northern Litchfield County Council continued to grow and in May of 1931
reached a record number of five hundred Scouts and one hundred and seventy
Scouters. This new registration height was mostly thanks to three new units,
Troop 22 in Canaan, Troop 23 in West Torrington, and Troop 24 In Sharon.

The larger council enrollment helped to maintain Camp Workcoeman's 1931
attendance at 1920s levels. For the Scouts in camp, the program showed no signs
of the ongoing business depression. Archery, introduced the previous year, was
quite popular, and thanks to a donation from Jennie Coe, the archery inventory
doubled. Other citizens still wanted to support the camp program, but because
of the deflation, many of the gifts were in kind. For example, Arthur Weigold
of the Torrington Creamery donated ice cream served at dinner on Sundays. The
camp week culminated on Saturday afternoons, when the boys participated in a
Water Meet, while many visitors and parents looked on. The Scouts competed in
the breast stroke, back stroke, and diving. For the final event in the Water
Meet, the staff hid a watermelon along the shore of West Hill Pond, and the
boys sought it out. The winning Scout shared the melon with his tent mates at
the evening hot dog roast, which wrapped up the week's program.

The image below shows the staff in front of the camp's flagpole, during the
early 1930s, likely in 1931. Standing fourth from the left in the top row is
Chef Carter Bell; many early campers noted his cooking as the high point of
Workcoeman. In the bottom row, Seymour Weeks is kneeling second from the left,
Edward Jacot third from the left, and V. M. Koonz may be fifth from the left.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/16a.jpg" title="Early 1930s Camp Staff" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/16a-sm.jpg" alt="Early 1930s Camp Staff" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
