---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Visitors and Baseball
number: 17
---

On the tenth of July 1932, Camp Workcoeman opened during the darkest point of
the Great Depression. The preceding months saw unemployment reach never before
seen highs and industrial production drop to new lows. Throughout March 1932,
the Scouts of the Northern Litchfield County Council canvassed Torrington to
find work for the unemployed. As people moved to find work, or struggled to
keep their businesses open, the council lost volunteers. In the fall of 1931,
John Calder, who coordinated much of the Council's expansion, died of heart
disease. Calder had ignored his symptoms and instead focused of the
difficulties of the Torrington Company.

The deflation made it tough for the Northern Litchfield County Council to
gather together the funds for summer camp. As such, the council chose to
operate Camp Workcoeman for a shorter four-week season. Over the course of the
summer, many visitors to camp helped to ease the financial burden by donating
supplies, especially food. These visitors were so numerous that the campers
built a picnic area for them. More than eight hundred and fifty people visited
camp during the 1932 season. In addition to parents and friends of Scouting,
the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary and the Torrington Rotary sent large delegations
to Workcoeman. There were also many informal visits, especially from the summer
residents around West Hill Pond. While some only stopped by to fill up at
Workcoeman's pump, others visited for the Thursday campfire; some even paddled
across the lake and watched the program from their canoes.

Baseball, central to the camp program since 1924, was larger than ever during
the summer of 1932. Even as boys circulated in and out of camp as one week
moved to the next, two teams continued to play each other over the course of
the summer, the Hot Cha's and the Steam Rollers. At the end of July, the
ballplayers rowed Workcoeman's fleet of seven boats down the lake to face the
Hartford Council's Camp Pioneer. Workcoeman led in the first few innings, but
Pioneer gained the upper hand when the game was called, in the midst of a heavy
mid-summer cloudburst.

The image below shows Scouts on Workcoeman's parade ground, during the spring
of 1932.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/17a.jpg" title="Parade Ground (Spring 1932)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/17a-sm.jpg" alt="Parade Ground (Spring 1932)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
