---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Dining Hall Expansion Plans
number: 19
---

During the record-breaking winter of 1933--1934, when temperatures in Northwest
Connecticut went more than twenty-below zero, the Northern Litchfield County
Council conducted its annual financial drive. Even though the economy was as hot
as the outside temperature, the council was able to gather enough funds to open
Camp Workcoeman for five weeks. This was one more week than in the recent
depression years, but still one less week than the prosperous 1920s. The
council camping committee hoped that the extra week would relieve some of the
crowding, but when the season opened, Workcoeman was at capacity. Years before,
the size of the dining hall set the capacity at forty-four, but during the
third week of camp, sixty-two scouts attended.

Since the bumper season of 1928, the camping committee argued for an expanded
dining hall at each budget cycle, and was turned down. Most members of the
council were wary, especially because the dining hall was only a few years old.
However, the camping committee found support from the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary
as early as 1930. The Auxiliary offered what we would now call a leadership
gift, when its president Jennie Coe declared, "We are now ready to provide the
fireplace as soon as the council is ready to provide the building to go around
it."

With the knowledge of some money on hand and several consecutive high
attendance seasons, the council could commit to a dramatic expansion of Camp
Workcoeman. Even if the economy continued its slow march to recovery, it would
not be easy to raise the funds. The council would have to keep its regular
expenses down and save the surplus for several years. While Jennie Coe was a
driving force behind the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary's effort to expand
Workcoeman, she did not live to see the new dining hall. During the fourth week
of camp, she fell down a flight of stairs at her summer home on Bantam Lake,
dying in the accident. Camp Workcoeman's trustees and Council Executive Edward
Jacot served as pallbearers at the funeral. As Jennie Coe was lowered into the
grave, beside her husband Frank, an honor guard of Scouts gave her a final
salute.

The image below shows Scouts from Troop 2 playing baseball on the parade ground
in the middle 1930s.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/19a.jpg" title="Baseball on the Parade Ground (mid 1930s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/19a-sm.jpg" alt="Baseball on the Parade Ground (mid 1930s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
