---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: The Silver Jubilee
number: 20
---

"The year 1935 marks the twenty-fifth birthday celebration of the Boy Scouts of
America. During these years the value of our organization in building character
and in training for citizenship has made itself a vital factor in the life of
America" noted Franklin Roosevelt on the eighth of February, when he spoke over
a country-wide radio broadcast to commemorate the Silver Jubilee. President
Roosevelt then went on to invite 30,000 Scouts from across the land to the
District of Columbia for a National Jamboree. Chief Scout Executive James West
then asked the boys listening in to unite in pledging the Scout oath. In the
Torrington High School Auditorium, four hundred of the six hundred Scouts of
the Northern Litchfield County Council joined in with boys across the nation.
The excitement of 1935 carried over to local affairs as well; just before the
camp season opened, the council Scouts again united to march in the Connecticut
Tercentenary parade through the streets of Torrington.

With the uncertain possibility of economic recovery, and the council trying to
raise funds for a new dining hall, Camp Workcoeman operated under an unusual
schedule in 1935. As in 1934, the council budget allowed for a five-week
season, but only three weeks of the traditional program was offered. During the
fourth week, camp was open to all, but with an eye towards boys who could not
afford the seven-dollar weekly fee. Scouts could attend on a daily basis, for
seventy-five cents at a time. Instead of a fifth week, the staff put together a
four-day program for the Jamboree Contingent. While the boys got a chance to
participate in the usual hiking and swimming, the twenty-five Scouts spent most
of their time practicing for their songs for the Region One opening show.

Scouts who applied to attend the Jamboree were required to get vaccines for
smallpox and typhoid fever. No such inoculation for Polio existed, and while
the Jamboree Contingent was at Workcoeman, an outbreak occurred in North
Carolina. Cases spread into Virginia, and then, just ten days before Scouts
were to arrive, appeared in the capital area; the Jamboree was canceled.
Fortunately, the national council had scraped together enough funds to insure
the event, so the boys and the councils were reimbursed for their fees. On the
evening the Jamboree was supposed to open, Scouts were offered a nation-wide
radio hookup, and listened to a broadcast of some of the songs written for the
Jamboree. It did not quite alleviate the disappointment, but the boys still
were able to sing along and hear some of the dramatic programs.

The image below shows a camp brochure from 1935, mailed to the parents of
Scouts throughout the Northern Litchfield County Council. The illustration is
based on Henry and John Hintermeister's painting for the cover of the 1929
"Handbook For Patrol Leaders."

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/20a.jpg" title="1935 Camp Brochure" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/20a-sm.jpg" alt="1935 Camp Brochure" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
