---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Council Executives
number: 21
---

Hardly any Scouters in the Northern Litchfield County Council noticed when
Arthur Marston, executive of the Waterbury Council, died of a heart attack on
Memorial day, 1935. Most volunteers in Northwest Connecticut were caught up in
their own celebrations, and the fervor surrounding the Silver Jubilee. To those
who did take note, it seemed like yet another of unfortunate events down the
Naugatuck Valley. The Waterbury Council's Camp, Sepunkum, was on government
property in Mt. Tom State Park. As the park expanded under Governor Wilbur
Cross' unique take on the New Deal, the council had to seek new camping
facilities.

With the Waterbury Council Executive's death, the Region One Office in Boston
started calling the shots. Before they approved a new executive, the regional
office pressured the Waterbury Council to merge with the neighboring Naugatuck
Council, which might also take care of the Naugatuck Council's issues. As the
new executive, the Regional Office proposed David Babson, executive of the
Holyoke Council in Massachusetts. None of this seemed particularly important to
the volunteers in the Northern Litchfield County Council. Perhaps they found it
typical of a regional office that pressured them to dramatically expand in
1929, under the threat of dissolution. Overall, this was part of a larger trend
in the BSA, of greater national involvement in local affairs. The National
Council had spent most of the past fifteen years attempting to form local
councils, to serve every troop in the county. Caught up in that campaign, they
left most of the established councils alone. With that program accomplished,
there was a growing concern about the independence some councils were
asserting. In Region One, this was especially the apparent in the Narragansett
Council, with its long tenured executive, J. Harold Williams. Williams offered
his own take on the camping program and occasionlly mocked James West at
professional development conferences. To replace David Babson in Holyoke, the
Regional Office proposed the Northern Litchfield County Council's own
executive, Edward Jacot. Jacot had served as Council Executive for eight years,
and as Scoutmaster of Troop 1 prior to that. He was one of three long-term
Council Executives the Holyoke Council could choose from; they all offered
experience, but their transfer would also ensure a degree of independence from
the volunteers.

Jacot was only the most recent Scouter turned professional in the Northern
Litchfield County Council. All of his predecessors, except Earle Beebe, started
as volunteers in Torrington troops. Some of the Executive Board and many
members of the council wanted to hire another local man, but were put off by
the Region One Office. Instead of selecting from an approved list, the
Executive Board was offered one candidate, Palmer Liddle. Liddle was not
without qualifications; an Eagle Scout, he worked for two councils in New York,
before serving as executive of Maine's Katahdin Council. The board met Liddle
on Armistice Day and after some debate about the lack of choice, hired him.
Liddle was introduced to the Scouts at a Farewell Party for Jacot, with four
hundred in attendance. Before departing for Massachusetts, Jacot thanked the
volunteers for their service and said, "I assure you, we shall never forget you
and will always look upon Litchfield county as our old home."

The image below shows Scouts assembled for tent inspection during the mid
1930s; Council Executive Palmer Liddle at right.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/21a.jpg" title="Tent Inspection (mid 1930s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/21a-sm.jpg" alt="Tent Inspection (mid 1930s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
