---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Palmer Liddle
number: 22
---

Camp Workcoeman opened on 5 July 1936 with a new camp director, Council
Executive Palmer Liddle. The new executive had taught canoeing at Spruce Ridge
Scout Camp, and worked with in program and in administration at Camp Roosevelt
and Camp Syracuse. Liddle was not hired for his camp experience, but more
likely for his successes in growing rural troops. The previous executive,
Edward Jacot, had built up a strong organization in Torrington, and to a lesser
extent in Winsted, but the troops in the farm communities were relatively
small. On the other hand, Liddle had a good deal of success in bucolic
organization in the Onondaga Council and the Orange-Sullivan Council.

At Workcoeman in 1936, Liddle expanded the camp program to a full week, with
Scouts entering and leaving camp on Sunday afternoons. However, Liddle
maintained most of the traditional activities, such as the Thursday evening
campfires. In practice, Clarence Rosenbeck, Aquatics Director since 1932, was
in charge of the program. Rosenbeck emphasized sports and aquatics, and the
boys competed against the best of Camp Sequessen on Thursdays. The extended
schedule allowed for the return of a hiking program, and during the lightly
attended week one, the campers and staff went on a fourteen-mile hike.

Meanwhile Palmer Liddle focused on administration and facilities. The Northern
Litchfield County Council had been talking about expanding the dining hall for
more than six years. Over those years, the council set aside small sums of
money, but not nearly enough for a substantial construction. The 1936 council
fund drive had come up short, which after several years of depression seemed
normal. However, 1936 was the first year that Gross Domestic Product was on par
with 1929 levels. A new executive and economic recovery might bring the
rapping of hammers back to the woods near West Hill Pond.

The image below shows Troop 2 Scouts at camp during the mid 1930s.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/22a.jpg" title="Troop 2 Scouts at Camp (mid 1930s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/22a-sm.jpg" alt="Troop 2 Scouts at Camp (mid 1930s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
