---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: 1938 Season
number: 24
---

Camp Workcoeman's new dining hall proved to be a valuable addition during the
summer of 1938, hosting many a campfire. More than half of the camp season was
rainy, and the downpours were so fierce that the camp road washed away. There
was so much precipitation towards the end of the second week, and more
predicted for week three, that many Scouts moved their reservations to week
four. To compensate, the Northern Litchfield County Council offered a special
week three discount, in which Scouts could attend for the rest of the third
week at a dollar a day. In spite of the rain, overall camp attendance was up.
The Scouts let it rain and carried on in the dining hall, filing the big room
with the spirit of fifty boys.

The new larger dining hall could seat around one hundred and twenty people, and
size of the building reflected the farsightedness of the council volunteers.
The Scouters of the Northern Litchfield County Council expected that camp
attendance would slowly grow to fill the hall. To prepare for a larger future,
in 1938 the Camping Committee divided the tenting area into three individual
campsite, which they called villages. Perhaps coming close to what Frank Coe
meant by a permanent camp, the council built three Adirondack Shelters in one
site, with intention of replacing all of the tents with shelters as the canvas
wore out. These new shelters served as an incentive; the shelters were only
open to Scouts who registered early. As another enticement, a Scout who signed
up for the sparsely attended week one could arrive at camp two days early, a
nine day program at a seven day price. As a final incentive, the Camping
Committee offered a one-dollar discount for early registrations. When a full
camp of fifty boys arrived on the eighth of July, they named the Adirondack
village Rocky Ledge. The Scouts picked Poplar Grove and Camp Wasuwanee for the
other two sites. The three camp villages allowed the staff to play up the
competitive angle, not only in sports, such as soccer, volleyball, and
softball, but also in Scouting skills. The staff also offered several season
long contests for individual Scouts; the horseshoe championship was probably
the most contested, but the fire by friction competition was an especially
difficult contest. Clarence Rosenbeck did not return for the 1938 season, as he
entered full time employment. Therefore, the Camping Committee and Council
Executive Palmer Liddle recruited Carl Bergquist as Assistant Camp Director and
W. Whitney Tileston as the first formal Program Director. In addition to his
summer camp experience, Bergquist directed the physical education programs for
the public schools in Webster, Massachusetts. Tileston served as Music Director
for Litchfield high school and the town's grammar schools. Camp veteran Raymond
French was promoted to Aquatics Director, after ten days of training at Camp
Brooklyn. Like his predecessors French emphasized swimming instruction, and the
overall camp program was similar to past years. Perhaps thanks to Tileston,
there was a greater emphasis on the campfire programs, especially the closing
campfire on Saturday evenings. However, with many visitors in attendance at the
Thursday campfire, Scouts tended to think of the earlier one as the major
campfire. Wednesday evenings saw one new addition to the camp program, a film
screening. Scouts watched a variety of movies ranging from *The Complete Life
of the Bee and the Making of Honey*, to films from John Houlihan's vacation in
South America. However, on the last Wednesday of the summer, Flieg and Newbury,
Incorporated, offered the boys a special treat, a Laurel and Hardy short, along
with cartoons of Popeye and Mickey Mouse.

The image below shows the Rocky Ledge Campsite in the late 1930s. Rocky Ledge
occupied the present site of the Scoutmasters' Cabin, while Poplar Grove was
immediately to the north-east of the current Nature Lodge.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/24a.jpg" title="Rocky Ledge Campsite (late 1930s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/24a-sm.jpg" alt="Rocky Ledge Campsite (late 1930s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
