---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Economic Recovery
number: 27
---

After twelve years of depression, the American economy finally recovered by
1941. Even if the gross domestic product of 1937 exceeded that of 1929, the
population increase during those years meant that the average consumer received
little comfort from that parity. However, by 1941 gross domestic product per
capita exceeded 1929 by ten percent, enough to compensate for the increased
government expenditures of New Deal programs and rearmament. That year the
Northern Litchfield County Council set its annual campaign goal at $7,100, and
raised enough funds to open Camp Workcoeman for five weeks, the first five week
season since 1934.

The stronger economy and the successful fund drive also allowed for facility
improvements at camp. The council paid to upgrade the plumbing in the kitchen
and replaced the stovetop boiler with running hot water, for washing dishes.
Council Finance chairman Floyd Pearce persuaded The Exchange Club of Torrington
to donate a Handicraft Lodge to the Scouts; Pearce phrased his pitch as a
challenge from the Canaan Exchange Club, who had already committed to buying
new rowboats and canoes for Workcoeman. Exchangites donated lumber and helped
with most of the construction; one of their number, Herbert Jones, brought his
carpentry class from the trade school to camp to complete the rough framing.
Club members also installed the hot water system the council bought. The
Exchangites collected used hand tools from Torrington citizens, then repaired
and sharpened the tools to supply not only a building but also the materials
for a camp program.

To staff the new lodge, Council Executive Palmer Liddle sent Assistant Camp
Director Carl Bergquist to National Camping School, to participate in the
Handicraft Section. Liddle did not join the 1941 staff himself, and brought in
former Aquatics Director Clarence Rosenbeck to serve as Camp Director.
Rosenbeck was Scoutmaster of Troop 14 and of the 1937 Jamboree Troop. Back in
1929, Rosenbeck had played camp director when the campers took over
Workcoeman's operation. In 1942, he brought back this program feature, and
campers ran the Workcoeman program on the third of July. However, the highlight
of the first week was a fireworks show, put together by the District One
Committee, composed of Scouters from Torrington and Harwinton. The fireworks
show helped to boost the numbers of campers during the sparsely attended week
one. During the other four weeks, Workcoeman was full, with seventy-five
campers, and a season total of one hundred and seventy-four separate Scouts.

The image below shows the Handicraft Lodge during the 1940s. The structure now
serves as the Trading Post.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/26a.jpg" title="Handicraft Lodge (1940s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/26a-sm.jpg" alt="Handicraft Lodge (1940s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
