---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: War
number: 28
---

The unforeseen strike of the Imperial Japanese Navy on the Pacific Fleet at
Pearl Harbor transformed the United States from an arsenal of democracy to a
full-fledged combatant. In Torrington, boys were trained as messengers, in case
of communication failures during air raids. Most of the participants were
Scouts, but since the Chief Air Raid Warden sought six-hundred boys over the
age of fourteen, and the total membership of the Northern Litchfield County
Council was only seven hundred and fifty, youth from other Boys' Clubs partook
as well. In one session of the training, the boys witnessed a demonstration of
incendiary bombs, and saw how fires that could not be doused with water could
be extinguished. This fear of an air attack on Torrington's war industries kept
the city on edge; although Northwest Connecticut was far outside of the
blackout zone, the area three miles from the New England coast where the
government required citizens to dim all lights visible from the ocean, the city
underwent several practice blackouts during 1942.

The fear of air raids decreased with the distance from Pearl Harbor, and Scouts
focused more on resource collection than on civil defense. To supply the United
States its own airplanes, the boys of the Northern Litchfield County Council,
in cooperation with the Torrington---Litchfield Girl Scout Council, went
door-to-door collecting aluminum. In addition to metals, the Scouts collected
rags and rubber for recycling. In June of 1942, Council Executive Palmer Liddle
was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Air Division of the United States Navy.
Liddle may have been pursuing a commission for some time, perhaps as early as
1941, when he recruited Clarence Rosenbeck to direct Camp Workcoeman. Before
the Council Executive resigned, he hired Carl Bergquist, Assistant Director for
four years, to take the helm for the summer.

For most members of the Boy Scouts of America, the main concern during the
summer of 1942 was getting to camp. Scouts of the 1920s often took trolleys
part of the way to their camp, but most of these lines went bankrupt during the
Great Depression. In the 1940s, an automobile ride was the predominate way to
go camping, but wartime restrictions complicated that journey. Gasoline
rationing made the hundred mile round trip to the New Britain Area Council's
Camp Keemosahbee difficult. Even more of a challenge was the one hundred and
fifty mile circuit for the boys of Stamford's Alfred W. Dater Council. However,
unlike most Scout councils, the Northern Litchfield County Council's Camp
Workcoeman was within its jurisdiction. For the population centers of Winsted
and Torrington, Workcoeman was five and seven miles away, respectively. Scouts
could easily carpool, and the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary revived its original
mission, providing transportation to Boy Scout activities. Without gasoline,
camp was a half-day hike, even for a dilatory tenderfoot. While most Scout
camps had to cut back their programs during the Second World War, Workcoeman's
location allowed it to maintain attendance, and even expand.

The image below shows a notice from page nine of the *Torrington Register* of
29 July 1942, encouraging participation in war service.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/28a.png" title="Torrington Register (29 July 1942)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/28a-sm.png" alt="Torrington Register (29 July 1942)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
