---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: New Leadership
number: 29
---

With the intensifying of the Second World War, Council Executive Palmer Liddle
entered the United States Navy in 1942. The Northern Litchfield County Council
searched for a new chief and hired a Mainer, E. Merle Hildreth. Much like
Liddle, Hildreth was recruited from the Katahdin Council, where he previously
worked as Assistant Scout Executive and Field Executive. In the first days of
1943, the council doubled its professional staff by hiring Nathaniel Doten.
Doten, formerly a Field Executive in Massachusetts' Sachem Council, was to
focus on Scouting in Winsted and build up Northwest Connecticut's Cubbing
program.

Chief Hildreth and Nat Doten not only brought new faces to Camp Workcoeman, but
also a new twist to the camp program. For most of previous seasons, a boy's time
at camp emphasized athletics and aquatics, with scoutcraft training left mostly
to his troop. In 1943, Workcoeman offered a great deal more basic skill
instruction, with a special focus on cooking. That summer every Scout had to
prepare at least one meal for himself. This tied into a larger theme of
preparedness, not just because of the Second World War, but also to encourage
each boy to be self-sufficient.

The new professional staff also developed a unique theme for each of the five
weeklong sessions. These different themes catered to the many Scouts who spent
two weeks, three weeks, or even the whole summer at Workcoeman. The first week,
commando week, fit in well with the preparedness emphasis. Boys learned
wilderness first aid, marksmanship, tracking, and map making and trained in an
obstacle course. Some of the others weekly themes included King Neptune's Court
and the Olympic Games. However, the highlight of the summer was Magic Carpet
Week, wherein the Scouts were transported to exotic locals, experiencing
festivities from around the world and across time. The boys of 1943 experienced
the world from Mexico to India, from Sherwood Forest to Brazilian Carnival. At
the end of the summer, Chief Hildreth instituted a new camp honor society at
the final campfire. As part of an investiture ceremony, the boys acted out the
Iroquois creation legend. The ceremony and the summer closed as the Scouts
danced to the beat of a water-drum.

The image below shows the 1943 camp patch, the first of the seasonally issued
emblems.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/29a.jpg" title="1943 Camp Patch" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/29a.jpg" alt="1943 Camp Patch" style="width:100%; max-width:505px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
