---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Establishing a Council
number: 3
---

The first five troops in Torrington interacted directly with the national
office, through its Field Department in New York. However, there were troubles
with this arrangement. The Scouters in the established troops only received
answers to program and policy questions by writing to the national office. To
maintain this arrangement, the national office would need to hire an army of
bureaucrats. Additionally, the New York office could not possibly know about
all the potential troop sponsors, much less devise a way to recruit them. To
come up with a solution, the national office used the same sort of franchise
type system that worked with troops. Each community organization, which
chartered a troop, chose a representative. These representatives then joined
together with other interested men to become members of a local council.

The national office offered two options, a First Class Council managed by a
paid professional Scouter, or a Second Class Council managed by a volunteer
Commissioner. Implicit in this agreement was that if a community opted for a
Second Class Council, it would ultimately advance in rank and hire a
professional. Regardless, the troops could receive unit service locally,
whether or not the council program was organized under a Council Executive or a
Commissioner, all without adding to the piles of unanswered mail in the Field
Department.

In March of 1917, Torrington Scouters and other supporters met with Carl
Northrup, the Waterbury Council Executive. The men present showed the varying
interests in the Borough of Torrington, not just the delegates from the YMCA,
the Episcopal Church, the Congregational Church, and the Methodist Church, but
also lawyers, merchants, tradesmen, and manufacturers. With Northup's help,
they elected to form a Second Class Council and set out to recruit a
Commissioner.

The photo below shows Troop 4 in front of the Methodist Episcopal Church in
Torrington, during the 1920s. Note the variation in uniforms between the
Scouters and the boys, as styles of uniforms transitioned during the early
1920s.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/3a.jpg" title="Troop 4" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/3a-sm.jpg" alt="Troop 4" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
