---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Helping the War Effort
number: 30
---

As the Second World War raged in Africa, Europe, and the Pacific, more and more
Connecticutians entered the Armed Forces. In the farms throughout the Northern
Litchfield County Council's territory, the lack of farm workers left much of
the crops in the fields. While just a few years prior, the depression prevented
most Scouts from finding a job, but the Department of Agriculture offered
summer jobs especially for Scouts, even offering to truck them to Maine to help
with the potato harvest. While some boys worked during the summer, the largest
need was in the fall when the apples ripened. Seventy Scouts of the Northern
Litchfield County Council volunteered to hike out to Bantam and pick the
apples, and were let out of school to complete the task.

For the summer of 1944, the Council cooperated with the Mattatuck Council of
Waterbury to operate a farm camp. The camp combined farm work with a Scouting
program and was promoted as a leadership development program for boys over the
age of fourteen. The Scouts got a chance to stay at Columbia University's camp
near Bantam Lake. The farm camp opened as soon as school dismissed in June and
operated up until Workcoeman opened.

The labor shortage struck the Council in December of 1943 when Assistant
Executive Nathaniel Doten was drafted into the Army. Over the next few months
the council tried to recruit another professional, but the position remained
unfilled until September. Workcoeman's summer program was affected as well; the
only adults on the Summer Staff were Chief Merle Hildreth and Scoutmaster
Seymour Weeks. However, this gave many of the boys who worked at the farm camp
a chance to try out their leadership skills as staff at Workcoeman. The
toughest position to fill was camp chef, as so many of the people who could
prepare meals in quantity were cooking for the Armed Forces. Even a renovated
kitchen and a new Cook's Cabin could not attract a chef, and Chief Hildreth's
wife, Mary, prepared the meals that summer.

The image below shows the fireplace in the Dining Hall during the summer of
1944.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/30a.jpg" title="Dining Hall Fireplace (Summer 1944)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/30a-sm.jpg" alt="Dining Hall Fireplace (Summer 1944)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
