---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Expansion
number: 31
---

When the Northern Litchfield County Council's executive, Merle Hildreth, was
hired in 1942, among his first tasks was to develop a plan to grow the council.
In addition to increasing enrollment and developing the nascent Cubbing
program, this five-year plan also included improvements at Camp Workcoeman.
Chief Hildreth worked with the newly elected Council President Edward Diddler
and Finance Chairman Floyd Pearce to raise $10,000 to upgrade camp. The
National Council's Engineering Division and its Health and Safety Service
visited Camp and proposed new constructions. The Council also worked with local
foresters to create a land management plan, and for each of the five years,
Scouts planted 1,000 trees at camp. The money slowly trickled in and a new
waterfront, a Cook's Cabin, and the Tunxis Campsite were built, but the largest
expansion was the following year. 

As the United Nations edged closer to victory during 1945, the prospects for a
brighter future caught on in Northwest Connecticut. That year, the Northern
Litchfield County Council recruited enough boys to complete its five-year
plan---in three years. The funds that the council raised that year also allowed
it to complete a new parking area to the South of the Parade Ground, a Chief's
Cabin near the water's edge, a Pioneer Campsite, and a Scoutmasters' Cabin in
the former Rocky Ledge Campsite. These were not simply housing, but included
program components as well. For example, the Scoutmasters' Cabin was not a
place for the Scoutmasters to sleep, but an incentive to attend camp with their
troop. Troop 15 of Cornwall attended camp as a troop in the late 1930s, and the
Scouts in Troop 2 of Torrington and Troop 34 of Winsted usually went in their
regular patrols, but since 1924, most Scouts attended as individuals. Chief
Hildreth wanted the summer program to better compliment the troop's year-round
program; a troop that attended camp in a body, with all of its patrols, could
develop into a better, more organized unit. As an inducement, a Scoutmaster who
came to camp with his whole troop could bring along his wife and other family
members; these non-Scouts could take their meals in the Dining Hall and stay in
the Scoutmasters' Cabin for a vacation along West Hill Pond.

Even with the many new constructions at camp and the new unit emphasis, much of
the camp program followed the lines of the twenty years prior. The new program of
1943 did not catch on, and the themed weeks were set aside. The emphasis on
scoutcraft basics and a few of the special events, however, remained. For
instance, during the first week of camp in 1945, the campwide game was "the
conquest of Mars." For Monday afternoon, half the Scouts were Martians and
successfully repelled an attack by the other half of camp---Earthmen who tried
to land their stratoplane on the surface of Mars. Overall, the traditional
stress on aquatics and athletics returned for the 1945 season, even if a number
of Scouts attended in a new context, with their troop. The mid 1940s camp
expansion prepared Workcoeman for the post-war period, such as the new parking
lot, which accommodated the suburbanization of the 1950s. In addition, many of
the donations for the campaign came in the form of war bonds, which could
supply funds for Camp Workcoeman into the coming decade.

The image below shows Chief Hildreth during the construction of the parking
area, in front of what is now the Trading Post.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/31a.jpg" title="Chief Hildreth during the construction of the parking area" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/31a-sm.jpg" alt="Chief Hildreth during the construction of the parking area" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
