---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Post-War Prosperity
number: 32
---

The restrictions of the Second World War constrained most American Scout camps;
however, Workcoeman's distinctions allowed it to prosper. The location near the
center of the Northern Litchfield County Council's territory overcame gasoline
rationing. This, along with a series of well-orchestrated membership drives,
combined to bring camp attendance to record levels. Over three years, the
Council Executive Board raised ten thousand dollars to improve the facilities
at camp. These factors prepared Workcoeman for heightened activity of the post
war years.

In 1946 a group of music teachers from Winsted, East Hartford, and Manchester
brought Laurel Music Camp to Workcoeman. The previous summer, Elizabeth Sonier
of the Gilbert School organized a choir program on Highland lake. For 1946, she
and Wallace Wagner recruited music teachers from around the state, who in turn
brought their students to West Hill Pond. A total of forty-eight students
attended, and performed under guest conductor Marlowe Smith of Rochester.

This one-week of music camp was not the only group to use Workcoeman; since the
1930s, the local Girl Scout Council operated a week-long day camp after the Boy
Scout season ended. However, when Bernie Moore was hired as the new Girl Scout
professional, she developed a full camping program at Workcoeman. Down the
Naugatuck Valley, the Housatonic Council shut down its summer program at Camp
Irvine and struck a deal to send their boys to Workcoeman. These varied
programs made the late 1940s some of the most active summers at Workcoeman.
With the five weeks of Boy Scout resident camp, two weeks of Girl Scout camp,
Laurel Music Camp, and a week of training, some of the staff spent nine weeks
at Workcoeman. 

The image below shows Scouts at the waterfront during the late 1940s.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/32a.jpg" title="Scouts at the waterfront (late 1940s)" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/32a-sm.jpg" alt="Scouts at the waterfront (late 1940s)" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
