---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Camp Pioneer and Hikes
number: 4
---

The Torrington Council reorganized in March of 1920 as a First Class Council.
Even before the council officers completed the charter application, they hired
Torrington's Assistant Postmaster, William Copley, as a part time executive.
Among Copley's first tasks was to arrange a summer program. Around the same
time, the Hartford Council purchased fifty acres on West Hill Pond for Camp
Pioneer. Copley struck a deal with Hartford Council Executive Sherman Ripley
for Torrington Scouts to join in on the Camp Pioneer program. The Torrington
Council paid for the Scouts' first week; local service organizations such as
the Torrington Rotary Club volunteered in the camp's development.

The troop response was overwhelming, to the point that during the first week of
camp the carpenters the Hartford Council hired to build the camp office had to
construct more tables for the dining hall instead. Later in the summer, the
camp was so overbooked that some Scouts bunked in the dining hall. More than
seventy of the Torrington Council's one hundred and ten Scouts attended, and
many stayed for multiple weeks.

The downside of this popularity was that for the 1921 season the Hartford
Council reserved Camp Pioneer for Hartford County Scouts. Improvising, William
Copley planed a pair of hikes. The first trek was about sixty miles---one week
to walk from Torrington to the Old New-Gate Prison and back. The second, longer
hike was a two-week circuit of the northwest hills. On this longer trek, some
of the boys suffered a reaction to poison ivy. According to Seymour Weeks,
because of this: "Mr. Copley...decided to lay over a while at Bantam Lake,
since we were ahead of schedule. He found a good spot and we camped near Mr.
Frank Coe's cottage. Mr. Coe watched us and he was, if I might say so, rather
impressed by the way we conducted ourselves."

The photos below show Torrington Scouts on a council hike in 1921 or 1922.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/4a.jpg" title="Torrington Scouts on Council Hike" data-sbox="4"><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/4a-sm.jpg" alt="Torrington Scouts on Council Hike" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/4b.jpg" title="Torrington Scouts on Council Hike" data-sbox="4"><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/4b-sm.jpg" alt="Torrington Scouts on Council Hike" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
