---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: Frank Elmer Coe
number: 5
---

Frank Elmer Coe was born to Nelson and Caroline (n√©e Workman) Coe on 1 February
1872. Raised in Torrington, Frank Coe attended public schools in town, and
received some higher education in Nebraska. After two semesters at Doane
College, Frank Coe returned to Torrington to manage his father's business. The
Coe Furniture Company, founded by Frank Coe's grandfather, specialized in home
goods. Under Frank Coe's administration, the corporation branched out into
retail, including bicycle sales and repair. Frank Coe married Jennie A. Ford on
3 April 1895; they had one son together, Franklin Earl Coe, in May of 1897.

In 1899, Frank Coe sold the furniture company, and the following year he got a
job at the Warrenton Woolen Mill. The mill was managed by two of Coe's uncles
and specialized in manufacturing kersey cloth, mostly for police, postal, and
navy uniforms.

Starting as a wool grader, Coe worked his way up through the organization. By
the time the new Main Street factory opened in 1908, he was an officer of the
corporation. When the company recapitalized in 1911 and over the next decade,
he purchased additional shares, eventually gaining control of the mill as he
rose from secretary, to treasurer and, ultimately, to president.

Frank Coe took an interest in community affairs; he was a member of the Rotary
Club, the town board of relief, President of the Torrington Wheel Club, and
Exalted Ruler of the Elks. Until 1923 Torrington had two governments, a town
government that serviced the rural areas, and a borough government that
maintained services in the built up areas around the factories. Coe served the
borough as a burgess (selectman) during the 1910s; in 1917 he was elected
Warden, a position similar to that of mayor. Coe served on both the Democratic
Town Committee and the party's state committee; he was considered for the 1920
Gubernatorial nomination, but declined. In 1923, he lost in Torrington's first
citywide mayoral election.

In the early 1920s, Frank Coe joined the executive board of the new Torrington
Boy Scout Council, and in April of 1923, the members elected Coe Council
President. As president, Coe worked to establish a council camping program, but
he put his efforts on hold when the Council Executive resigned. Frank Coe
searched throughout New England for a trained, experienced professional and
recruited Earl C. Beebe from the Greater Providence Council. With a camp man on
board, Coe searched for a location in the hills around Torrington. On 24 May
1924, Coe purchased land fronting West Hill Pond in New Hartford. He named the
property after his recently deceased mother; by inserting his father's name
between the two syllables of his mother's name, he created the unique word
*Workcoeman*.

A mere four days later, Frank Coe died of heart failure. At the memorial
service, Council Executive Beebe served as one of the pallbearers. Members of
the civic clubs Coe was active in attended, along with mill employees and the
city's police and fire departments. At the burial, a Boy Scout honor guard
escorted the body to the grave.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/5a.jpg" title="Frank Elmer Coe" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/5a.jpg" alt="Frank Elmer Coe" style="width:100%; max-width:360px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
