---
published: true
layout: vignettes
title: The Second Season
number: 9
---

A mere two months after Camp Workcoeman closed for the 1924 season, Council
Executive Earl Beebe resigned. It was several months before Chief Beebe found a
new job as the Waterbury Council Executive, so other employment opportunities
probably were not his main motivation. However, the death of Frank Coe, the
Torrington Council's main benefactor, may have played a part in his decision.
The executive board hired Herbert McLeod, an Assistant Scoutmaster in Troop 2,
to serve as the new Council Executive and Camp Chief.

For the summer of 1925, Chief McLeod organized a program very similar to that
of the 1924 season, with emphasis on aquatics and pioneering. He recruited
Thomas Wall from the previous season's staff and Robert Freeman, a wilderness
guide from Maine. Freeman served as chef for part of the season, but also
taught canoeing. He shared his backwoods experience with the boys, and using
lumber supplied by Frederick Baldwin, Freeman and the Scouts built a log cabin. 

Another program that returned from 1924 was a Scout Honor Society, the Tunxis
Indians. The previous season's members elected the 1925 honor campers. The
members met after taps on Saturday night, and their activities were a mix of
traditions from Camp Sepunkum and local lore. The honor campers were recognized
with a blue tomahawk inserted into the CW of the maroon camp emblem. Athletic
events were the other high point of 1925. Several times during the five-week
season, the Scouts hiked over to the Hartford Council's Camp Pioneer. Among
other inter-camp challenges, the Scouts played baseball on the diamond that the
Torrington Rotary Club built in 1920. At the last game of the season the
Torrington Scouts lost to the Hartford Scouts, 6--7.

The photo below shows the log cabin the campers and staff built in 1925. The
cabin was slightly to the west of the present waterfront area.

<a href="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/9a.jpg" title="Log Cabin" data-sbox><img src="{{ site.url }}/about/history/vignettes/files/9a-sm.jpg" alt="Log Cabin" style="width:100%; max-width:550px;" class="img-rounded"/></a>
