2021.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Summer 2021 @ Workcoeman &mdash; Scouting &Agrave; La Carte
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, Cub Scouts, summer camp, day camp, overview, Scouting, Scouting A La Carte, Family Camping, Overnight Camping, Merit Badges"
---

The summer 2021 season at Camp Workcoeman will be atypical but nonetheless rewarding. A series of one and two session daytime merit badge classes will be offered mid-week and on weekends for Scouts BSA whereas two weeks of Day Camp will be offered for Cub Scouts. Additionally, overnight unit and family camping will be offered any night throughout the summer. These programs are not designed to replicate a traditional overnight summer camp experience; rather, they are intended to supplement one through a variety of flexible programs.

> %text-center%
>> %row%
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Scouts BSA Merit Badges</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>One/Two Session Daytime Merit Badges</li>
            <li>Midweek & Weekend Options</li>
            <li>Two Waterfront Weeks (Including Scuba)</li>
            <li>Two Outdoor Skills Weeks</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/summer-programs/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/register/" class="list-group-item">Registration</a>
>>
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Cub Scout Day Camp</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Two Weeks to Choose From</li>
            <li>Swimming, BB/Archery Shooting, and More</li>
            <li>Bring Your Own Lunch</li>
            <li>Can Be Combined with Camping</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/day-camp/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/" class="list-group-item">Registration</a>

> %text-center%
>> %row%
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Troop/Pack Unit Camping</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Choose Any Summer Night(s)</li>
            <li>Platform Tents & Cots Provided</li>
            <li>Cook Your Own Meals</li>
            <li>Choose to Combine with Day Programs</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/" class="list-group-item">More Information & Registration</a>
>>
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Family Camping</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Choose Any Summer Night(s)</li>
            <li>Deluxe Tents Available</li>
            <li>Cook Your Own Meals</li>
            <li>Fun for the Whole Family</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/" class="list-group-item">More Information & Registration</a>


> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2021 Program Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2021/2021-preview-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2021 Camp Preview Flier</a>

## Promotional Video

<iframe style="max-width: 640px; width: 100%; height: 360px; border: none;" src="//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/uXSOw9eqJAc?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

Updates for summer 2021 and May programs.

2021.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Summer 2021 @ Workcoeman &mdash; Scouting &Agrave; La Carte
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, Cub Scouts, summer camp, day camp, overview, Scouting, Scouting A La Carte, Family Camping, Overnight Camping, Merit Badges"
---

The summer 2021 season at Camp Workcoeman will be atypical but nonetheless rewarding. A series of one and two session daytime merit badge classes will be offered mid-week and on weekends for Scouts BSA whereas two weeks of Day Camp will be offered for Cub Scouts. Additionally, overnight unit and family camping will be offered any night throughout the summer. These programs are not designed to replicate a traditional overnight summer camp experience; rather, they are intended to supplement one through a variety of flexible programs.

> %text-center%
>> %row%
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Scouts BSA Merit Badges</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>One/Two Session Daytime Merit Badges</li>
            <li>Midweek & Weekend Options</li>
            <li>Two Waterfront Weeks (Including Scuba)</li>
            <li>Two Outdoor Skills Weeks</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/summer-programs/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/register/" class="list-group-item">Registration</a>
>>
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Cub Scout Day Camp</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Two Weeks to Choose From</li>
            <li>Swimming, BB/Archery Shooting, and More</li>
            <li>Bring Your Own Lunch</li>
            <li>Can Be Combined with Camping</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/day-camp/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/" class="list-group-item">Registration</a>

> %text-center%
>> %row%
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Troop/Pack Unit Camping</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Choose Any Summer Night(s)</li>
            <li>Platform Tents & Cots Provided</li>
            <li>Cook Your Own Meals</li>
            <li>Choose to Combine with Day Programs</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/" class="list-group-item">More Information & Registration</a>
>>
>>> %col-sm-6%
>>>> %list-group%
>>>> <li class="list-group-item active h3">Family Camping</li>
>>>> <li class="list-group-item">
        <ul class="text-left">
            <li>Choose Any Summer Night(s)</li>
            <li>Deluxe Tents Available</li>
            <li>Cook Your Own Meals</li>
            <li>Fun for the Whole Family</li>
        </ul>
     </li>
>>>> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/" class="list-group-item">More Information & Registration</a>


> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2021 Program Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2021/2021-preview-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2021 Camp Preview Flier</a>

## COVID Safety

We know the importance of getting youth outdoors and involved in the programs of Adventure.  We are taking every step to ensure that this summer will be SAFE and FUN!  Camp will be awesome this summer, but it will look a little different than what we are used to.  We have instituted protocols and procedures in order to keep our Scouts, Scouters, staff, and families healthy and safe.  The procedures and safety measures have been promoted by federal agencies and the American Camping Association Field Guide for Camps. These multi-layered strategies prove effective and reduce the risk of transmission. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/33wn554u">Learn more</a> about specific COVID guidelines.

## Promotional Video

<iframe style="max-width: 640px; width: 100%; height: 360px; border: none;" src="//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/uXSOw9eqJAc?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
