wifi-landing.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Register for More Scouting Memories at Workcoeman
description: This page contains links to sign up for more activities at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: "WiFi landing, specialty camp, off-season, next year"
---

## Short Term Camping

Camp Workcoeman should be a year-round destination for your troop or pack. Campsites, cabins, and other facilities are available for weekend rentals throughout the fall, winter, and spring. The Climbing Wall and Shooting Ranges are also available.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/short-term-camping/" class="list-group-item">Learn More About Short Term Camping</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/short-term-camping/" class="list-group-item">Make a Reservation</a>


## Request Your Campsite for 2020

Now is the time to start planning your troop's return to Camp Workcoeman next summer. Campsite requests are now open. Request your's today!

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/2020/" class="list-group-item">2020 Campsite Requests</a>
> <a href="https://forms.gle/WCqPNrkxF51FqJJw6" class="list-group-item">2020 Staff Application</a>
> <a href="https://forms.gle/3h7AZakQRLbFXhrX6" class="list-group-item">2020 CIT Application</a>

## Find Out About Cub Camp 2020

Now is the time to start thinking about next summer. More information will be posted as it becomes available; stay tuned!

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cubcamp2020/" class="list-group-item">2020 Cub Camp Info</a>

Commit message:

Updates for summer 2021 and May programs.

wifi-landing.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Register for More Scouting Memories at Workcoeman
description: This page contains links to sign up for more activities at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: "WiFi landing, specialty camp, off-season, next year"
---

## Short Term Camping

Camp Workcoeman should be a year-round destination for your troop or pack. Campsites, cabins, and other facilities are available for weekend rentals throughout the fall, winter, and spring. The Climbing Wall and Shooting Ranges are also available.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/short-term-camping/" class="list-group-item">Learn More About Short Term Camping</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/short-term-camping/" class="list-group-item">Make a Reservation</a>


## Summer 2021 @ Workcoeman --- Scouting &Agrave; La Carte

The summer 2021 season at Camp Workcoeman will be atypical but nonetheless rewarding. A series of one and two session daytime merit badge classes will be offered mid-week and on weekends for Scouts BSA whereas two weeks of Day Camp will be offered for Cub Scouts. Additionally, overnight unit and family camping will be offered any night throughout the summer. These programs are not designed to replicate a traditional overnight summer camp experience; rather, they are intended to supplement one through a variety of flexible programs.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/2021/" class="list-group-item">2021 Summer Overview</a>
