cub-scouts/day-camp.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Cub Scout Day Camp
description: Cub Scout Day Camp is a 5 day program perfect for Tiger, Wolf, and Bear Scouts. Day camp has all the fun of a summer camp experience without the overnight element.
keywords: Cub Scout, day camp
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Registration for summer 2021 day camp is now open.
<a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/">
Sign up today!</a>
</div>

### July 19--23 and August 9--13, 2021

Camp Workcoeman will once again host a week long Cub Scout Day Camp!

It is a 5 day program perfect for Tiger, Wolf, and Bear Scouts. Day camp has
all the fun of a summer camp experience without the overnight element. Scouts
will have a blast swimming, learning new skills, becoming a top shot on the BB
and archery ranges, learning new games on the Sports Field, and having fun in
the Crafts Lodge.

Day Camp runs 8:30 AM -- 4:00 PM and also features several special activities including a cookout, campfire, and awards ceremony.

All the fun takes place under the watchful eye of our highly trained and
certified staff ensuring a safe and fun experience. Camp Workcoeman is a
Nationally Accredited Camp by the BSA and has a long history in Scouting since
1924.

Be sure to sign up for this summer blast today!

## More Information

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2021 Cub Scout Leader Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/forms/medical-form-info/" class="list-group-item">Camp Medical Forms and Information (Part C [Physical] not Required for Day Camp)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

For more information, contact Director of Cub Scout Programs, Jeff Seiser at
[jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).

Commit message:

Updates for summer 2021 and May programs.

cub-scouts/day-camp.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Cub Scout Day Camp
description: Cub Scout Day Camp is a 5 day program perfect for Tiger, Wolf, and Bear Scouts. Day camp has all the fun of a summer camp experience without the overnight element.
keywords: Cub Scout, day camp
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Registration for summer 2021 day camp is now open.
<a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/">
Sign up today!</a>
</div>

### July 19--23 and August 9--13, 2021

Camp Workcoeman will once again host a week long Cub Scout Day Camp!

It is a 5 day program perfect for Tiger, Wolf, and Bear Scouts. Day camp has
all the fun of a summer camp experience without the overnight element. Scouts
will have a blast swimming, learning new skills, becoming a top shot on the BB
and archery ranges, learning new games on the Sports Field, and having fun in
the Crafts Lodge.

Day Camp runs 8:30 AM -- 4:00 PM and also features several special activities including a cookout, campfire, and awards ceremony.

All the fun takes place under the watchful eye of our highly trained and
certified staff ensuring a safe and fun experience. Camp Workcoeman is a
Nationally Accredited Camp by the BSA and has a long history in Scouting since
1924.

Be sure to sign up for this summer blast today!

### Baloo's Family Camp

Be sure to check out [Baloo's Family Camp]({{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/) as well as our regular [unit and family camping]({{ site.url }}/summer-camp/overnight-camping/) opportunities!

## COVID Safety

We know the importance of getting youth outdoors and involved in the programs of Adventure.  We are taking every step to ensure that this summer will be SAFE and FUN!  Camp will be awesome this summer, but it will look a little different than what we are used to.  We have instituted protocols and procedures in order to keep our Scouts, Scouters, staff, and families healthy and safe.  The procedures and safety measures have been promoted by federal agencies and the American Camping Association Field Guide for Camps. These multi-layered strategies prove effective and reduce the risk of transmission. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/33wn554u">Learn more</a> about specific COVID guidelines.

## More Information

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2021 Cub Scout Leader Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/forms/medical-form-info/" class="list-group-item">Camp Medical Forms and Information (Part C [Physical] not Required for Day Camp)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

For more information, contact Director of Cub Scout Programs, Jeff Seiser at
[jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).
