cub-scouts/family-weekend.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Family Camping Weekend
description: Family Camp at Camp Workcoeman is a great opportunity for Cub Scouts to enjoy a summer camp experience without the worries of being away from home.
keywords: Cub Scout, family, weekend
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
<a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/">Click here</a> to sign your family up for the Family Camping Weekend at Camp Workcoeman. Sign up today! <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/">Click here</a> for camp fee information.
</div>

### July 6--7, 2019

Summer camp is not just for Scouts...it's for families too! Baloo's Family Camp
at Camp Workcoeman is a great opportunity for Cub Scouts to enjoy a summer camp
experience without the worries of being away from home. Located along the shore
of beautiful West Hill Pond in New Hartford, Baloo's Family Camp is open to all
Scouts and their families as the program centers around fun for all! You will
take advantage of open program areas allowing families to come and go to each
of the program areas as many times as they wish. Activity areas include:

* Swimming
* BB Shooting
* Boating
* Sports
* Archery
* Crafts
* Nature
* Campfires

and much more!

The camp program will also include an evening campfire and time will also be
set aside for religious services on Sunday morning. Your family will get the
resident camp experience first hand as everyone sleeps in campsite tents,
eating in the camp dining hall, and having a great time exploring the vast Camp
Workcoeman reservation.

Baloo's Family Camp takes place under the watchful eye of our highly trained
and certified staff ensuring a safe and fun experience. Camp Workcoeman is a
Nationally Accredited Camp by the BSA and has a long history in Scouting since
1924.

Cub Scout Family Camp promotes fun with a purpose and allows Cub Scouts to work
on some advancement as well.

Be sure to sign up to sign up today and don't miss out!

## More Information

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-leader-guide.pdf" class="list-group-item">2019 Cub Scout Leader Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2015/health-form.pdf" class="list-group-item">Medical Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2014/2011_Med-AllergeyTreatment.pdf" class="list-group-item">Allergy Treatment Plan</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2015/med-admin.pdf" class="list-group-item">Medication Order Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

For more information, contact Director of Cub Scout Programs, Jeff Seiser at
[jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).

Commit message:

Update links to new med form page.

cub-scouts/family-weekend.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Family Camping Weekend
description: Family Camp at Camp Workcoeman is a great opportunity for Cub Scouts to enjoy a summer camp experience without the worries of being away from home.
keywords: Cub Scout, family, weekend
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
<a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/register/">Click here</a> to sign your family up for the Family Camping Weekend at Camp Workcoeman. Sign up today! <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/">Click here</a> for camp fee information.
</div>

### July 6--7, 2019

Summer camp is not just for Scouts...it's for families too! Baloo's Family Camp
at Camp Workcoeman is a great opportunity for Cub Scouts to enjoy a summer camp
experience without the worries of being away from home. Located along the shore
of beautiful West Hill Pond in New Hartford, Baloo's Family Camp is open to all
Scouts and their families as the program centers around fun for all! You will
take advantage of open program areas allowing families to come and go to each
of the program areas as many times as they wish. Activity areas include:

* Swimming
* BB Shooting
* Boating
* Sports
* Archery
* Crafts
* Nature
* Campfires

and much more!

The camp program will also include an evening campfire and time will also be
set aside for religious services on Sunday morning. Your family will get the
resident camp experience first hand as everyone sleeps in campsite tents,
eating in the camp dining hall, and having a great time exploring the vast Camp
Workcoeman reservation.

Baloo's Family Camp takes place under the watchful eye of our highly trained
and certified staff ensuring a safe and fun experience. Camp Workcoeman is a
Nationally Accredited Camp by the BSA and has a long history in Scouting since
1924.

Cub Scout Family Camp promotes fun with a purpose and allows Cub Scouts to work
on some advancement as well.

Be sure to sign up to sign up today and don't miss out!

## More Information

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-leader-guide.pdf" class="list-group-item">2019 Cub Scout Leader Guide (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/summer-camp/forms/medical-form-info/" class="list-group-item">Resident Camp Medical Forms and Information (Part C (Physical) not Required)</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2014/2011_Med-AllergeyTreatment.pdf" class="list-group-item">Allergy Treatment Plan</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2015/med-admin.pdf" class="list-group-item">Medication Order Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

For more information, contact Director of Cub Scout Programs, Jeff Seiser at
[jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).
