cub-scouts/register.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Register for Camp
description: This page contains links to the council website to register to attend summer camp at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: register, sign up, camp
---

Below, you will find links to the council website to register for each camp program.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-scout-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2018 Cub Camp Preview Flier</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-mailer.pdf" class="list-group-item">2018 CT Rivers Council Cub Camping Overview</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">2018 Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

## Cub Scout Programs

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-webelos-only-week/8284" class="list-group-item">Webelos Resident Camp --- July 1--6, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-mini-week-session-1/8526" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Mini Week --- July 1--4, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-family-camp/8576" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Family Weekend --- July 7--8, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-resident-camp/8302" class="list-group-item">Cub/Webelos Resident Camp --- August 5--10, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-mini-week-session-2/8527" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Mini Week --- August 5--8, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/workcoeman-day-camp/8289" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Day Camp --- August 13--17, 2018</a>

Commit message:

Add links to registration help page.

cub-scouts/register.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Register for Camp
description: This page contains links to the council website to register to attend summer camp at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: register, sign up, camp
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Having trouble registering? Visit the <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/registration-help">registration help page</a> on the Council website for a step-by-step guide.
</div>

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-scout-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2018 Cub Camp Preview Flier</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2018/2018-cub-mailer.pdf" class="list-group-item">2018 CT Rivers Council Cub Camping Overview</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/cub-scouts/fees/" class="list-group-item">2018 Cub Camp Fee Information</a>

Below, you will find links to the council website to register for each camp program.

## Cub Scout Programs

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-webelos-only-week/8284" class="list-group-item">Webelos Resident Camp --- July 1--6, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-mini-week-session-1/8526" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Mini Week --- July 1--4, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-family-camp/8576" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Family Weekend --- July 7--8, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-resident-camp/8302" class="list-group-item">Cub/Webelos Resident Camp --- August 5--10, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/2018-camp-workcoeman-cub-scout-mini-week-session-2/8527" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Mini Week --- August 5--8, 2018</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctrivers.org/event/workcoeman-day-camp/8289" class="list-group-item">Cub Scout Day Camp --- August 13--17, 2018</a>
