---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Camp History
description: On seeing what is now Camp Workcoeman, Frank E. Coe liked the property very much and purchased the land in 1924. He arranged the setting up of the camp in memory of his mother, Mrs. Workman. Placing his name in the center, the camp was named WORK-COE-MAN.
keywords: history
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
In recognition of Camp Workcoeman&rsquo;s Ninetieth Anniversary, we will post
a <a href="vignettes/">historical vignette each week from now until the summer
camp season opens</a>.
</div>

In 1920, the The Torrington Council of the Boy Scouts of America was known as a
second class council under the leadership of Mr. William N. Copley. There were
no summer camp facilities at this time, therefore, long hikes were planned. One
to Newgate Prison, another to Canaan and down the Housatonic River Valley to
New Milford. A group of Scouts, while on the latter trip, had an encounter with
a little plant known as poison ivy. Because of this misfortune, when the group
arrived at Bantam Lake, Mr. Copley decided to camp there for a few days. A
campsite was found near the cottage of Mr. Frank Coe. Mr. Coe was a Warden and
owner of the Warrenton Wollen Mill in the town of Torrington. He was quite
impressed with the boys and the way they conducted themselves and offered them
the use of a small cottage on his property. The boys refused, preferring to
stay in their tents, but did accept Mr. Coe's offer to use his boats.

Several weeks later some of the Scout leaders were taken over to the cottage on
Mr. Coe's property. While there, Mr. Coe paid the group a visit and chatted
with some of them about Scouting. Mr. Coe requested that Mr. Copley and Captain
Geer inspect some sites to be used as a camping area for the Scouts. No
suitable site could be found at Bantam Lake. Mr. Fred Baldwin, local rent
estate agent, was asked to help find an appropriate site. Mr. Baldwin owned
property at West Hill Pond and offered to sell it for a Scout Camp. Mr. Coe
liked the property very much and purchased the land in 1924. He arranged the
setting up of the camp in memory of his mother, Mrs. Workman. Placing his name
in the center, the camp was named WORK-COE-MAN.

Unfortunately, soon after the purchase of the 50 acres, Mr. Coe died very
suddenly. Mrs. Coe, knowing the desires and wishes of her husband, gave the
property to the council in 1927, to be used as a Scout camp.

The early development of the site was done by many volunteers. Areas were
cleared for tents. Cooking was done on an army field range under a canvas tarp.
Mr. Baldwin was good enough to give the council an old wood choppers shack by
Sucker Brook. This was torn down and the lumber used to construct a small
storage building on the site of the present dining hall. Shortly after this,
lumber was donated for a small dining hall and kitchen building.

The camp continued to grow. To meet the needs a campaign was launched in 1937
to raise $4,000 for the construction of a new dining hall. The Scout Mothers'
Auxiliary, with Mrs. Frank Coe as president, donated the sum of $500 to be
used for the construction of a fireplace in the Dining Hall. The hall was
dedicated in 1937.

The use of the camp continued to expand and in the 1950s another capital
project campaign was conducted which added several new structures. They
included the John Calder Health Lodge, Jennie F. Coe Training Center
(boathouse), the Scout Mothers' Auxiliary Chapel, the Andrew Oneglia Parade
Ground and a shower building.

Still the growth of Camp Workcoeman continued and in 1968--1970 the Tunxis
Council conducted another capital campaign. This campaign provided for the
construction of a new council office on Kennedy Drive, added a full time camp
ranger at Camp Workcoeman and the purchase of additional property expanding the
camp to 427 acres.

Other major development projects added to Camp Workcoeman is the expansion of
the dining hall and construction of meeting rooms in 1994 and the construction
of a new shower facility. This new shower building was a donation of the
Konover Construction Co. in 1996.

For {% camp_years %} years, Camp Workcoeman has provided a opportunity for Scouts to
receive an invaluable Scouting experience. 