boy-scouts/special-programs/index.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Special Programs
keywords: special programs, programs
---

## Merit Badge Completion Day

The 2016 Merit Badge Completion Day will be held Thursday, August 11.

## Scuba

A new challenge for older Scouts who would like to discover the depths of West
Hill Pond. Every week a professional instructor will come to camp to teach
Scouts 13 and older about scuba diving. All participants will have a chance to
spend time under water to see what it is all about.

> %list-group%
> <a href="scuba/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## Pistol Shooting Program

Camp Workcoeman has been chosen as one of twelve camps in the country to pilot
a Boy Scout Summer Camp Pistol Shooting Program. This program is open to Scouts
who are thirteen years old and have completed the eighth grade. For more
information, see the flier below.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-pistol-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Pistol Shooting Flier</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-pistol-pilot-program-release-agreement.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Pistol Program Release Agreement</a>

## Search and Rescue Weekend

This overnight program is designed to introduce Scouts the various skills
required in Search and Rescue. A series of stations will teach the skills
required to complete the merit badge. The program will culminate with a search
and rescue drill allowing Scouts to demonstrate the skills learned. The 2016
Search and Rescue Weekend will be held July 16--17.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-sar-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Search and Rescue Weekend Flier</a>

## Shawtown Wilderness Trek

The Shawtown Wilderness Trek is a challenging opportunity for older Scouts. It
all happens along Camp Workcoeman's hiking trails, where Scouts will complete a
special task that tests their skills in survival, pioneering, and teamwork. The
trek leads to the Shawtown Wilderness Outpost where all will spend the night
learning about the Shawntown folklore. While there, Scouts will try their hand
at muzzleloading rifles and tomahawk throwing. All Scouts who successfully
complete the program will be awarded a special Wilderness Trek patch reserved
only for them.

## Huck Finn Tube Ride

Your troop can arrange for a tubing trip down the Farmington River through
Satan's Kingdom---a great way to spend a hot summer afternoon! Reservations
must be made in advance at your Tuesday planning meeting. Transportation to and
from the river is up to the troop. An additional fee and a completed parental
permission form is required for all youth participants. As this is considered
an individual troop activity, a Tour Permit must be submitted; this can be done
at the Camp Office. Please visit the
[Farmington River Tubing website](http://www.farmingtonrivertubing.com/) for
more information. A link to the parental waiver is located at the bottom of the
page.

Commit message:

Update MB Completion Day date.

boy-scouts/special-programs/index.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Special Programs
keywords: special programs, programs
---

## Merit Badge Completion Day

The date of the 2016 Merit Badge Completion Day is to be determined; it will most likely occur in September.

## Scuba

A new challenge for older Scouts who would like to discover the depths of West
Hill Pond. Every week a professional instructor will come to camp to teach
Scouts 13 and older about scuba diving. All participants will have a chance to
spend time under water to see what it is all about.

> %list-group%
> <a href="scuba/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## Pistol Shooting Program

Camp Workcoeman has been chosen as one of twelve camps in the country to pilot
a Boy Scout Summer Camp Pistol Shooting Program. This program is open to Scouts
who are thirteen years old and have completed the eighth grade. For more
information, see the flier below.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-pistol-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Pistol Shooting Flier</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-pistol-pilot-program-release-agreement.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Pistol Program Release Agreement</a>

## Search and Rescue Weekend

This overnight program is designed to introduce Scouts the various skills
required in Search and Rescue. A series of stations will teach the skills
required to complete the merit badge. The program will culminate with a search
and rescue drill allowing Scouts to demonstrate the skills learned. The 2016
Search and Rescue Weekend will be held July 16--17.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2016/2016-sar-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2016 Search and Rescue Weekend Flier</a>

## Shawtown Wilderness Trek

The Shawtown Wilderness Trek is a challenging opportunity for older Scouts. It
all happens along Camp Workcoeman's hiking trails, where Scouts will complete a
special task that tests their skills in survival, pioneering, and teamwork. The
trek leads to the Shawtown Wilderness Outpost where all will spend the night
learning about the Shawntown folklore. While there, Scouts will try their hand
at muzzleloading rifles and tomahawk throwing. All Scouts who successfully
complete the program will be awarded a special Wilderness Trek patch reserved
only for them.

## Huck Finn Tube Ride

Your troop can arrange for a tubing trip down the Farmington River through
Satan's Kingdom---a great way to spend a hot summer afternoon! Reservations
must be made in advance at your Tuesday planning meeting. Transportation to and
from the river is up to the troop. An additional fee and a completed parental
permission form is required for all youth participants. As this is considered
an individual troop activity, a Tour Permit must be submitted; this can be done
at the Camp Office. Please visit the
[Farmington River Tubing website](http://www.farmingtonrivertubing.com/) for
more information. A link to the parental waiver is located at the bottom of the
page.
