boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: special-programs
title: Scuba at Camp Workcoeman
description: In conjunction with Enfield Scuba and Watersports, Camp Workcoeman will offer a PADI Scuba cerfication course as well as weekly Discover Scuba courses.
keywords: scuba, diving
---

## Discover Scuba

Camp Workcoeman is entering new waters.

In conjunction with [Enfield Scuba and Watersports](http://www.enfieldscuba.com/)
in Enfield, CT, Camp Workcoeman will offer weekly Discover Scuba courses at
camp.

Every Wednesday, PADI certified instructors from Enfield Scuba and Watersports
will come to camp and offer a full Discover Scuba course. The PADI Discover
Scuba Diving program lets you experience the thrill of diving under the
supervision of a PADI Professional in confined conditions. During your
adventure, you'll master some basic concepts and scuba skills and will
experience an open water adventure.

The weekly course is open to Scouts and Scouters age 13 and over and requires
an extra fee of $50 per participant. Anyone interested should sign up early as
space is limited.

All participants must be in generally good health and complete a PADI required
medical history and informed consent form (provided from camp).

## Open Water PADI Scuba Certification

During the third and fifth weeks of Scout camp, instructors from the Enfield Scuba and
Watersports will also offer a full PADI Open Water certification course. The
cost of the full certification course is $550, which includes the course fee
and covers a full week's stay at camp.

Scouts will also work on BSA's Scuba Merit Badge and have the opportunity to
work on additional PADI programs offered by Enfield Scuba and Watersports. In
addition, Scouts can also work on advancement and Merit Badges offered during
the week of camp.

For those Scouts who have already received PADI Open Water Certification,
Enfield Dive instructors will also offer the following Adventure Diving
Certifications:

 Certification             | Dive(s) Required
---------------------------|------------------
 Navigation                | 3
 Underwater Photography    | 1
 Peak Performance Buoyancy | 2
 Naturalist                | 1
 Night Diver               | 3

Scouts and Scouters who would like to take advantage of the Adventure Diving
Certifications must provide their Open Water Certification or Junior Water
Certification at the start of the course. Adventure Diving Certifications are
scheduled for Sunday--Wednesday for an additional fee of $350 per course.

Interested Scouts can sign up using the Connecticut Rivers Council Summer Camp
Registration Form or can contact camp directly.

For additional information contact Program Director Tom Leisten at
(860) 379-2207 or [tleisten@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:tleisten@campworkcoeman.org).

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2019-scuba-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2019 Scuba Flier</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2019-scuba-flier-add.pdf" class="list-group-item">2019 Additional Scuba Programs</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/register/" class="list-group-item">Register for a PADI Scuba Certification Week</a>
> <a href="http://www.enfieldscuba.com/" class="list-group-item">Enfield Dive Shop Website</a>

Commit message:

Add 2020 Scuba flier and Sea Base SEO.

boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: special-programs
title: Scuba at Camp Workcoeman
description: In conjunction with Enfield Scuba and Watersports, Camp Workcoeman will offer a PADI Scuba cerfication course as well as weekly Discover Scuba courses.
keywords: scuba, diving, sea base, certification, florida
---

## Going to the BSA's Florida Sea Base? Get your SCUBA certification at Workcoeman!

Is your unit planning on attending the Florida Sea Base? If so, get your required SCUBA certification while attending a week of Scouts BSA camp at Camp Workcoeman. Located in the scenic hills of northwestern Connecticut, Camp Workcoeman boasts one of the cleanest lakes around---perfect for learning to SCUBA dive locally in New England.

## Discover Scuba

Camp Workcoeman is entering new waters.

In conjunction with [Enfield Scuba and Watersports](http://www.enfieldscuba.com/)
in Enfield, CT, Camp Workcoeman will offer weekly Discover Scuba courses at
camp.

Every Wednesday, PADI certified instructors from Enfield Scuba and Watersports
will come to camp and offer a full Discover Scuba course. The PADI Discover
Scuba Diving program lets you experience the thrill of diving under the
supervision of a PADI Professional in confined conditions. During your
adventure, you'll master some basic concepts and scuba skills and will
experience an open water adventure.

The weekly course is open to Scouts and Scouters age 13 and over and requires
an extra fee of $50 per participant. Anyone interested should sign up early as
space is limited.

All participants must be in generally good health and complete a PADI required
medical history and informed consent form (provided from camp).

## Open Water PADI Scuba Certification

During the third and fifth weeks of Scout camp, instructors from the Enfield Scuba and
Watersports will also offer a full PADI Open Water certification course. The
cost of the full certification course is $550, which includes the course fee
and covers a full week's stay at camp.

Scouts will also work on BSA's Scuba Merit Badge and have the opportunity to
work on additional PADI programs offered by Enfield Scuba and Watersports. In
addition, Scouts can also work on advancement and Merit Badges offered during
the week of camp.

For those Scouts who have already received PADI Open Water Certification,
Enfield Dive instructors will also offer the following Adventure Diving
Certifications:

 Certification             | Dive(s) Required
---------------------------|------------------
 Navigation                | 3
 Underwater Photography    | 1
 Peak Performance Buoyancy | 2
 Naturalist                | 1
 Night Diver               | 3

Scouts and Scouters who would like to take advantage of the Adventure Diving
Certifications must provide their Open Water Certification or Junior Water
Certification at the start of the course. Adventure Diving Certifications are
scheduled for Sunday--Wednesday for an additional fee of $350 per course.

Interested Scouts can sign up using the Connecticut Rivers Council Summer Camp
Registration Form or can contact camp directly.

For additional information contact Program Director Tom Leisten at
(860) 379-2207 or [tleisten@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:tleisten@campworkcoeman.org).

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2020/2020-scuba-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2020 Scuba Flier</a>
<!---
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2019-scuba-flier-add.pdf" class="list-group-item">2019 Additional Scuba Programs</a>
--->
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/register/" class="list-group-item">Register for a PADI Scuba Certification Week</a>
> <a href="http://www.enfieldscuba.com/" class="list-group-item">Enfield Dive Shop Website</a>
