scouts-bsa/2020-fall-programs.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2020 Scouts BSA Fall Programs
description: This page contains information on and links to the council website to register for fall 2020 programs at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, resident camp, 2020, registration, reservation, fall programs"
---

## Workcoeman Adventure Weekend --- September 11--13, 2020

Looking to go camping? Cubs, Scouts BSA, and families are invited to join in the Scouting excitement for a weekend of advancement and Workcoeman fun. Scouts will have the opportunity to work towards and earn merit badges. Cubs will be challenged to grow through adventure pins. Families will be able to share in the activities and spend the weekend together enjoying the various facilities at Camp Workcoeman. The weekend is open to Scouting units, individual campers who will form a provisional group, and family camping programs.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-WorkcoemanAdventureWeekend" class="list-group-item">Register for Workcoeman Adventure Weekend</a>

## Trail to Eagle Experience --- October 23--25, 2020

Workcoeman prepares future Eagle Scouts no like no other. Come be a part of a weekend program to work towards and earn Eagle required merit badges. Instructional sessions will guide you through the ins-and-outs of planning and completing your Eagle Scout Project, developing troop leadership abilities, and navigating the Eagle Scout paperwork. Scouts will be part of a Trail to Eagle unit for the weekend, working as patrols, taking on leadership positions, and developing a plan for a leadership project at camp. Come be a part of the program and get a head start working towards the rank of Eagle Scout.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-TrailtoEagle2020" class="list-group-item">Register for Trail to Eagle Experience</a>

## Winter Camp --- December 27--30, 2020

Held between Christmas and New Year's Day 2021. Winter Camp is a unique experience where a Scout can earn merit badges and participate in activities that are not obtainable at a summer camp along with learning more about the outdoors. The weather, activities, training, and overall camp atmosphere are vastly unique to any other Scout program. This is not a Klondike Derby. It is an advancement and skills-based program that is exciting and fun. All meals will be provided and Scouts will be housed in cabins.  Sign-ups can be done as a unit or provisionally. Staff will be provided to provide supervision if troop leaders can't attend. All meals will be provided and Scouts have the option to stay in cabins or camp outside in personal tents.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-WinterCamp" class="list-group-item">Register for Winter Camp</a>

Commit message:

Update fall programs to day only.

scouts-bsa/2020-fall-programs.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2020 Scouts BSA Fall Programs
description: This page contains information on and links to the council website to register for fall 2020 programs at Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, resident camp, 2020, registration, reservation, fall programs"
---

## Workcoeman Adventure Weekend --- September 12 and/or 13, 2020

It's time to put the outing back into Scouting! Cubs, Scouts BSA, and families are invited to join for a day of Scouting fun and advancement at Camp Workcoeman. Come out for a day to experience the swimming, boating, shooting sports, and wilderness that was missing this summer. Various camp amenities will be available to enjoy throughout the day or sign-up for one of the many merit badge or advancement programs offered. This event has a max capacity of 80 people, so first come first serve. A full list of Cub Scout advancement opportunities, full day Scouts BSA merit badges, and Discover Scuba details are listed on the registration page.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-2020WorkcoemanAdventure" class="list-group-item">Register for Workcoeman Adventure Weekend</a>

## Trail to Eagle Experience --- October 24 & 25, 2020

Workcoeman prepares future Eagle Scouts no like no other. Come be a part of this two day weekend program (no overnight) to work towards and earn Eagle required merit badges. Instructional sessions will guide you through the ins-and-outs of planning and completing your Eagle Scout Project, developing troop leadership abilities, and navigating the Eagle Scout paperwork. Scouts will be part of a Trail to Eagle unit for the weekend, working as patrols, taking on leadership positions, and developing a plan for a leadership project at camp. Come be a part of the program and get a head start working towards the rank of Eagle Scout.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066" class="list-group-item">Register for Trail to Eagle Experience (Coming Soon)</a>

## Winter Camp --- December 27--30, 2020

Held between Christmas and New Year's Day 2021. Winter Camp (day only) is a unique experience where a Scout can earn merit badges and participate in activities that are not obtainable at a summer camp along with learning more about the outdoors. The weather, activities, training, and overall camp atmosphere are vastly unique to any other Scout program. This is not a Klondike Derby. It is an advancement and skills-based program that is exciting and fun. Sign-ups can be done as a unit or provisionally. Staff will be provided to provide supervision if troop leaders can't attend.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066" class="list-group-item">Register for Winter Camp (Coming Soon)</a>
