scouts-bsa/register.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2021 Scouts BSA Camp Registration
description: This page contains links to the council website to register for the 2021 Camp Workcoeman season.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, camp, 2021, registration, reservation"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Having trouble registering? Scroll to the bottom of the <a href="https://ctscouting.org/calendar/">calendar page</a> on the Council website for step-by-step videos.
</div>

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/kdsvP1drPEmVWCKD8" class="list-group-item">2021 Staff Application</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2021 CIT Application (Coming Soon)</a>

Below, you will find links to the Council event registration website to register for the 2021 Camp Workcoeman season.

## Scouts BSA Summer Programs
The registration system will allow you to select by day and badge. **Make sure to sign up for both days of a two-day merit badge.**

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44907-120908" class="list-group-item">Scuba Week 1 --- July 6--8, 2021</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44692-120337" class="list-group-item">Waterfront Week & Preparedness Weekend 1 --- July 6--11, 2021</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44692-120388" class="list-group-item">Outdoor Skills Week & Shooting Sports Weekend 1 --- July 13--18, 2021</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44907-120909" class="list-group-item">Scuba Week 2 --- July 27--29, 2021</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44692-120389" class="list-group-item">Waterfront Week & Preparedness Weekend 2 --- July 27--August 1, 2021</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-44692-120390" class="list-group-item">Cooking Merit Badge & Shooting Sports Weekend 2 --- August 3--8, 2021</a>

## Unit Camping
> %list-group%
> <a href="https://campreservation.com/066/Camps/636" class="list-group-item">Summer 2021 Campsite and Facility Reservations</a>

## Family Camping
> %list-group%
> <a href="https://campreservation.com/066/Camps/636" class="list-group-item">Family Camping Reservations (Select Tee Pee Campsite)</a>

Commit message:

Update dates, merit badge schedule, etc. for 2022.

scouts-bsa/register.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2022 Scouts BSA Camp Registration
description: This page contains links to the council website to register for the 2022 Camp Workcoeman season.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, camp, 2022, registration, reservation"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Having trouble registering? Scroll to the bottom of the <a href="https://ctscouting.org/calendar/">calendar page</a> on the Council website for step-by-step videos.
</div>

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1GIjkaRZx2zejUWr5FqvptlpqasE7AiTmrzegBK23X9s/viewform" class="list-group-item">2022 Staff Application</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/#" class="list-group-item">2022 CIT Application (Coming Soon)</a>

Below, you will find links to the Council event registration website to register for the 2022 Camp Workcoeman season.

## Scouts BSA Summer Programs

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Outdoor Skills Week 1 --- July 4--8, 2022 (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Aquatics Week 1 --- July 11--15, 2022 (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Scuba Week 1 --- July 11--15, 2022</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Outdoor Skills Week 2 --- July 25--29, 2022 (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Aquatics Week 2 --- August 1--5, 2022 (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/" class="list-group-item">Scuba Week 2 --- August 1--5, 2022</a>

## À La Carte Programs
Email <a href="mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org">Jeff Seiser</a> for information and to make reservations.

## Unit Camping
> %list-group%
> <a href="https://campreservation.com/066/Camps/636" class="list-group-item">Summer 2022 Campsite and Facility Reservations</a>

## Family Camping
> %list-group%
> <a href="https://campreservation.com/066/Camps/636" class="list-group-item">Family Camping Reservations (Select Tee Pee Campsite)</a>
