get-involved/citizens-of-shawtown/index.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Citizens of Shawtown
description: The Citizens of Shawtown is a group of people who work together to support the program at Camp Workcoeman. Many members of the group attended Workcoeman as youth or as adults, and some even served on the camp staff.
keywords: Citizens of Shawtown, Shawtown, volunteers
---

## Who are the Citizens of Shawtown?

The Citizens of Shawtown is a group of people who work together to support the
program at Camp Workcoeman. The name of the group was derived from an old
settlement that is located on the outer area of Camp Workcoeman. Many members
of the group attended Workcoeman as youth or as adults, and some even served on
the camp staff.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2020/2020-shawtown-brochure.pdf" class="list-group-item">Promotional Brochure</a>

## What we do...

The purpose of the Citizens of Shawtown is to organize and complete projects at
Camp Workcoeman to enhance and improve the camp facility.

Each year in February, the Citizens meet to identify maintenance projects. Some
of the projects are major construction while others are maintenance related. A
schedule of workdays is arranged to complete the project list.

The Citizens work closely with the camp ranger to coordinate projects for Order
of the Arrow ordeal weekends too. Some of the members are skilled in various
vocations while others have valuable contacts for materials and services.

The Citizens also fund projects from fund-raisers such as an annual Steak and
Chicken Dinner! We do not collect dues from the membership.

## Steak Dinner

The Citizens annually hold a Steak Dinner and Silent Auction in support of camp after the annual Beaver Day work day. All members of the camp and surrounding community are invited whether they attend the work day or not. In 2024, Beaver Day will begin at 8:30 AM on Saturday, June 1, and the Steak Dinner will begin with hors d'oeuvres at 5:30 PM followed by dinner at 6:00 PM.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/2023-steak-dinner.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 Steak Dinner Flier (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-67115" class="list-group-item">2024 Steak Dinner Registration (Coming Soon)</a>

## Newsletter

The Citizens of Shawtown periodically publishes a newsletter updating its members about the organization's activities and about happenings at camp. The newsletter is sent to members and posted on the camp website.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/shawtown-fall-winter-2023.pdf" class="list-group-item">Fall/Winter 2023 Newsletter</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/get-involved/citizens-of-shawtown/archive/" class="list-group-item">Newsletter Archive</a>

## How do I join?

You can become a member of the Citizens of Shawtown by contacting the group's
Membership Chair, Keith Zwart, at [keith.zwart@gmail.com](mailto:keith.zwart@gmail.com).

Commit message:

Add Citizens of Shawtown Work Weekend and shooting sports trainings.

get-involved/citizens-of-shawtown/index.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Citizens of Shawtown
description: The Citizens of Shawtown is a group of people who work together to support the program at Camp Workcoeman. Many members of the group attended Workcoeman as youth or as adults, and some even served on the camp staff.
keywords: Citizens of Shawtown, Shawtown, volunteers
---

## Who are the Citizens of Shawtown?

The Citizens of Shawtown is a group of people who work together to support the
program at Camp Workcoeman. The name of the group was derived from an old
settlement that is located on the outer area of Camp Workcoeman. Many members
of the group attended Workcoeman as youth or as adults, and some even served on
the camp staff.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2020/2020-shawtown-brochure.pdf" class="list-group-item">Promotional Brochure</a>

## What we do...

The purpose of the Citizens of Shawtown is to organize and complete projects at
Camp Workcoeman to enhance and improve the camp facility.

Each year in February, the Citizens meet to identify maintenance projects. Some
of the projects are major construction while others are maintenance related. A
schedule of workdays is arranged to complete the project list.

The Citizens work closely with the camp ranger to coordinate projects for Order
of the Arrow ordeal weekends too. Some of the members are skilled in various
vocations while others have valuable contacts for materials and services.

The Citizens also fund projects from fund-raisers such as an annual Steak and
Chicken Dinner! We do not collect dues from the membership.

## 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend

March 8--10, 2024

New for 2024, the Citizens of Shawtown are planning a weekend event for work and fellowship to prepare for camp's centennial season. The event runs from Friday evening through lunch on Sunday, but volunteers are welcome for whatever portion of the weekend they're able to attend. See below for the event flier with additional information and the RSVP link (please respond by March 1, 2024).

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/t3tx46dyJKeY6PwM7" class="list-group-item">2024 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend RSVP Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/2024-shawtown-work-weekend-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend Flier</a>

## Steak Dinner

The Citizens annually hold a Steak Dinner and Silent Auction in support of camp after the annual Beaver Day work day. All members of the camp and surrounding community are invited whether they attend the work day or not. In 2024, Beaver Day will begin at 8:30 AM on Saturday, June 1, and the Steak Dinner will begin with hors d'oeuvres at 5:30 PM followed by dinner at 6:00 PM.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/2023-steak-dinner.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 Steak Dinner Flier (Coming Soon)</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-67115" class="list-group-item">2024 Steak Dinner Registration (Coming Soon)</a>

## Newsletter

The Citizens of Shawtown periodically publishes a newsletter updating its members about the organization's activities and about happenings at camp. The newsletter is sent to members and posted on the camp website.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/shawtown-fall-winter-2023.pdf" class="list-group-item">Fall/Winter 2023 Newsletter</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/get-involved/citizens-of-shawtown/archive/" class="list-group-item">Newsletter Archive</a>

## How do I join?

You can become a member of the Citizens of Shawtown by contacting the group's
Membership Chair, Keith Zwart, at [keith.zwart@gmail.com](mailto:keith.zwart@gmail.com).
