---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2014 Connecticut Rivers Council Camp Fees
description: This page list the fees to attend week-long Resident Summer Camp in 2014 at Connecticut Rivers Council Scout Camps.
keywords: fees
---

The fees to attend week-long Resident Summer Camp in 2014 are as follows.

### Scout Fees

Early Fee: $380
: A $50 deposit per **named** Scout camper is due no later than March 1, 2014.
  The balance for each Scout will be due no later than May 15, 2014.

Regular Fee: $395
: A $50 deposit per **named** Scout is required for Scouts added to your camp
  roster on March 2, 2014 or after. The balance for each Scout will be due no
  later than May 15, 2014.

### Discounts for Scouts

Encore (2^nd week of camp): $280
: The registration process will require the Scout's other camp/week to be
  identified.

### Adult Leader Fees

Fees for extra leaders are calculated at $15 per day/$90 per week. Names of
leaders are not required until May 15. Two leaders are free. Additional leaders
may be free according to the schedule below:

 # of youth per program | # of free leaders | all additional adults
------------------------|-------------------|-----------------------
  5--10                 | 2                 | $90
 11--20                 | 3                 | $90
 21--30                 | 4                 | $90
 31--40                 | 5                 | $90

### Webelos Crossovers & New Scouts

These Scouts are always afforded the lowest possible camp fee rate. Because
many troops don't know what Webelos will be joing their troop until after the
March 1 deposit date, a special registration category will be established for
them. This will also include any boys who join the troop as new Scouts between
March 2 and the beginning of the troop's week at camp. This registration will
be available May 16.

### Camperships

The Connecticut Rivers Council will continue to award camperships to assist
Scouts in need of funds to attend camp who might not otherwise do so. The
annual campership fund is limited and fluctuates from year to year.

The campership application is available at
[http://www.ctrivers.org/resources](http://www.ctrivers.org/resources).

Similar to Webelos crossovers and new Scouts, campership Scouts will also be
afforded the lowest possible rate to attend camp.

### Specialty Camp Programs

Registration for all Specialty Camp programs will be accomplished by the
individual. These programs will include Trail to Eagle, NRA Shooting Sports,
AdVenture Camp, Robotics & Technology, and various other daily, week-long or
weekend programs.

### Payments

**All** deposits and subsequent payments for camp **must** be made online
through your MyCouncil page on the CRC web site. Payments may be in the form of
an E-Check or credit card. There is no charge to the unit using this method of
payment.

### Introducing the Camp Card!

The Connecticut Rivers Council is pleased to introduce the "Camp Card". This
program was developed as a spring fund raising activity for units. As the name
implies the money can be used for camp or whatever the unit needs. Scouts
participating in this program will earn 40% commission ($2.00) for each $5 Camp
Card they sell. The sale will begin in March 15 and end May 15, giving Scouts 2
months to sell.

### FAQs

Question
: I don't know what Scouts in my troop are going to attend camp by the March
1^st Early Fee deposit date. Why should I make a deposit for the "unknown"?

Answer
: Camp promotion is a year round process. The unit's camp plans should already
  be on the family's calendars. Units also should have a pretty good idea of
  the percentage of Scouts in the troop that attends camp. Register and make
  deposits for that number of **named** Scouts. Deposits may later be
  transferred between Scouts.

<br/>
Question
: We know our troop has Scouts that need Campership assistance in order to
  attend camp. Should we register them with a $50 deposit by March 1?

Answer
: Yes, but not necessarily. As stated above, campership applicants are always
  afforded the lowest possible camp fee. Naming them by March 1 helps the Camp
  Directors in planning for a great summer program.

<br/>
Question
: The fee increased by $30 this year, and there is not a late fee?

Answer
: In 2013 there was not a fee increase; the 2014 increase reflects an increase
  of $15 to cover just the increase in operating expenses. The additional $15
  is to help offset the cost of new tentage for the camps. We have purchased
  375 new tents for Mattatuck and Workcoeman and 100 new tents for Webster. The
  late fee has been eliminated.

### More information

For more information or questions please contact Jim Waters, Director of
Support Services, at (860) 913-2750.
