boy-scouts/program-areas.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Program Area Highlights
keywords: program areas, highlights
---

## Waterfront

The waterfront at Camp Workcoeman is the finest in the council! It has all the
facilities for the best aquatic programs. The camp's fleet of boats and canoes
includes many varieties of sail boats for beginners and experts. West Hill Pond
is also a great place to try your hand at sailing and kayaking. The swimming
opportunities are superb, offering a world of water fun and knowledge always
under the utmost safety. Mile Swim, Snorkeling BSA, Kayaking BSA, and
Life-Guard BSA are among the special awards instructed by our trained aquatic
staff. New additions include stand-up paddle boards and a water trampoline.

## Nature / Ecology

Camp Workcoeman is the location of the Henry Griffin Nature Lodge. It is the
center of the outdoor laboratory for all of its programs, excellent
demonstration area, and examples of wilderness management. Many displays and
activities let Scouts experience the need for nature and conservation. Come see
all of the live exhibits in the Nature Lodge.

## Shooting Sports

Rifle shooting, shotgun shooting, and archery are always popular activities.
Muzzle loading rifle shooting and tomahawk throwing are a great part of the
Shawtown Wilderness Trek for older Scouts.

## Field Sports

This is the camp's center for fitness development. Activities are inter-troop,
patrol, or individually centered. Our basketball court is a real hit. Other
popular activities include gaga ball, earth ball, and our new KnockerBalls.

## Scoutcraft

The Scoutcraft Program offers patrols and troops a wide variety of outdoor
activities. These programs encourage self-reliance and foster an appreciation
of the environment, all while having fun. Many of these activities include
demonstrations that show Scouts the techniques of camping, ranging from basic
cooking to advanced survival. The Scoutcraft Staff offers training for both
youth leaders and Scouters, with a special emphasis on Leave No Trace. Most
Scoutcraft activities occur at the Stuge B. Shields Campcraft Area, located
near the beginning of the Red Trail; however, many activities can be conducted
in your campsite.

## Handicraft

The Handicraft area offers a choice of formal or informal programs for those
Scouts who just like to try their hand at a specific craft. The Trading Post
carries a large variety of craft supplies, in addition to the materials on hand
in the Handicraft area. You are always welcome to bring your own supplies and
finished work to show others.

## Climbing and COPE

Refurbished and expanded for the 2016 season, Workcoeman has a four-sided, 32'
tall rock climbing and rappelling wall for Scouts 13 years and older. The
climbing wall is located at the Sports Field, where Scouts are shown the proper
use of technical climbing equipment, including climbing harnesses, ropes, and
belay devices. Scouters are welcome to give it try too!

Project COPE is a national program of the Boy Scouts of America. Challenge your
Scouts with group initiative games, trust elements, low-course events, and
high-course events. Some activities involve a group challenge, while others
develop individual skills and agility. Participants climb, swing, balance,
jump, rappel, and devise solutions to a variety of problems. Most participants
achieve much more than they imagined they could. Workcoeman has a low ropes
course, and the COPE program often uses the high ropes course at nearby Camp
Mattatuck.

Commit message:

Update pistol program release form.

boy-scouts/program-areas.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Program Area Highlights
keywords: program areas, highlights
---

## Waterfront

The waterfront at Camp Workcoeman is the finest in the council! It has all the
facilities for the best aquatic programs. The camp's fleet of boats and canoes
includes many varieties of sail boats for beginners and experts. West Hill Pond
is also a great place to try your hand at sailing and kayaking. The swimming
opportunities are superb, offering a world of water fun and knowledge always
under the utmost safety. Mile Swim, Snorkeling BSA, Kayaking BSA, and
Life-Guard BSA are among the special awards instructed by our trained aquatic
staff. New additions include stand-up paddle boards and a water trampoline.

## Nature / Ecology

Camp Workcoeman is the location of the Henry Griffin Nature Lodge. It is the
center of the outdoor laboratory for all of its programs, excellent
demonstration area, and examples of wilderness management. Many displays and
activities let Scouts experience the need for nature and conservation. Come see
all of the live exhibits in the Nature Lodge.

## Shooting Sports

Rifle shooting, shotgun shooting, and archery are always popular activities.
Older Scouts can participate in the pilot Pistol Shooting Program.
Muzzle loading rifle shooting and tomahawk throwing are a great part of the
Shawtown Wilderness Trek for older Scouts.

## Field Sports

This is the camp's center for fitness development. Activities are inter-troop,
patrol, or individually centered. Our basketball court is a real hit. Other
popular activities include gaga ball, earth ball, and our new KnockerBalls.

## Scoutcraft

The Scoutcraft Program offers patrols and troops a wide variety of outdoor
activities. These programs encourage self-reliance and foster an appreciation
of the environment, all while having fun. Many of these activities include
demonstrations that show Scouts the techniques of camping, ranging from basic
cooking to advanced survival. The Scoutcraft Staff offers training for both
youth leaders and Scouters, with a special emphasis on Leave No Trace. Most
Scoutcraft activities occur at the Stuge B. Shields Campcraft Area, located
near the beginning of the Red Trail; however, many activities can be conducted
in your campsite.

## Handicraft

The Handicraft area offers a choice of formal or informal programs for those
Scouts who just like to try their hand at a specific craft. The Trading Post
carries a large variety of craft supplies, in addition to the materials on hand
in the Handicraft area. You are always welcome to bring your own supplies and
finished work to show others.

## Climbing and COPE

Refurbished and expanded for the 2016 season, Workcoeman has a four-sided, 32'
tall rock climbing and rappelling wall for Scouts 13 years and older. The
climbing wall is located at the Sports Field, where Scouts are shown the proper
use of technical climbing equipment, including climbing harnesses, ropes, and
belay devices. Scouters are welcome to give it try too!

Project COPE is a national program of the Boy Scouts of America. Challenge your
Scouts with group initiative games, trust elements, low-course events, and
high-course events. Some activities involve a group challenge, while others
develop individual skills and agility. Participants climb, swing, balance,
jump, rappel, and devise solutions to a variety of problems. Most participants
achieve much more than they imagined they could. Workcoeman has a low ropes
course, and the COPE program often uses the high ropes course at nearby Camp
Mattatuck.
