---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Program Area Highlights
keywords: program areas, highlights
---

## Waterfront

The waterfront at Camp Workcoeman is the finest in the council! It has all the
facilities for the best aquatic programs. The camp's fleet of boats and canoes
includes many varieties of sail boats for beginners and experts. West Hill Pond
is also a great place to try your hand at sailing and kayaking. The swimming
opportunities are superb, offering a world of water fun and knowledge always
under the utmost safety. Mile Swim, Snorkeling BSA, Kayaking BSA, and
Life-Guard BSA are among the special awards instructed by our trained aquatic
staff.

## Nature / Ecology

Camp Workcoeman is the location of the Henry Griffin Nature Lodge. It is the
center of the outdoor laboratory for all of it's programs, and excellent
demonstration area and example of wilderness management. Many displays and
activities let Scouts experience the need for nature and conservation. Come see
all of the live exhibits in the Nature Lodge.

## Shooting and Field Sports

This is the camp's center for fitness development. Activities are inter-troop,
patrol and individually centered. Our basketball court is a real hit. Rifle and
shotgun shooting are always popular activities. Muzzle loading rifle shooting
and tomahawk throwing are a great part of the Shawtown Wilderness Trek for
older Scouts.

## Scoutcraft

Scoutcraft offers patrols and troops a wide variety of program opportunities.
Pioneering projects, cooking demonstrations, Totin' Chip instruction, the Paul
Bunyan Award, and "Sisal Trail" are great troop activities.

## Handicraft

The Handicraft Area offers a choice of formal or informal programs for those
Scouts who just like to try their hand at a specific craft. The Trading Post
carries a large variety of craft supplies, in addition to the materials on hand
in the Handicraft Lodge. You are always welcome to bring your own supplies and
finished work to show others.

## Climbing and Rappelling Wall

An addition to the camp program is a three sided 32' tall rock climbing wall
for Scouts 13 years and older. "The Wall" is located at the Activities Field
where Scouts are shown the proper use of technical climbing equipment,
including climbing harnesses, ropes, and belay devices. Scouters are welcome to
give it try too!

## COPE

Project COPE is a national program of the Boy Scouts of America. Challenge your
Scouts with group initiative games, trust elements, low-course events and high
course events. Some activities involve a group challenge, while others develop
individual skills and agility. Participants climb, swing, balance, jump,
rappel, and devise solutions to a variety of problems. Most participants
achieve much more than they imagined they could.

> %list-group%
> <a href="#" class="list-group-item">COPE Flier Coming Soon</a>
