boy-scouts/register.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2020 Scouts BSA Camp Registration
description: This page contains links to the council website to register for the 2020 Camp Workcoeman season.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, resident camp, 2020, registration, reservation"
---

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/WCqPNrkxF51FqJJw6" class="list-group-item">2020 Staff Application</a>
> <a href="https://forms.gle/3h7AZakQRLbFXhrX6" class="list-group-item">2020 CIT Application</a>

Below, you will find links to the 2020 Camp Workcoeman campsite request form. The form and $50 deposit should be turned into the camp office. Registration links will be posted as soon as they are available (likely January 2020).

## Scouts BSA Summer Camp

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2020-campsite-request.pdf" class="list-group-item">Week 1 --- July 5--11, 2020</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2020-campsite-request.pdf" class="list-group-item">Week 2 --- July 12--18, 2020</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2020-campsite-request.pdf" class="list-group-item">Week 3 --- July 19--25, 2020</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2020-campsite-request.pdf" class="list-group-item">Week 4 --- July 26--August 1, 2020</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2019/2020-campsite-request.pdf" class="list-group-item">Week 5 --- August 2--8, 2020</a>

## Scouts BSA Specialty Camps

> %text-center%
> **Week #3**<br/>
> July 19--25, 2020<br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba/">PADI Scuba Certification Camp</a><br/>
> **Week #5**<br/>
> August 2--8, 2020<br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/trail-to-eagle/">Trail to Eagle Camp</a><br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba/">PADI Scuba Certification Camp</a>

Commit message:

Update campsite requests to new council reservations site.

boy-scouts/register.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2020 Scouts BSA Camp Registration
description: This page contains links to the council website to register for the 2020 Camp Workcoeman season.
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, resident camp, 2020, registration, reservation"
---

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/WCqPNrkxF51FqJJw6" class="list-group-item">2020 Staff Application</a>
> <a href="https://forms.gle/3h7AZakQRLbFXhrX6" class="list-group-item">2020 CIT Application</a>

Below, you will find links to the Council event registration website to request a campsite for the 2020 Camp Workcoeman season. *Please pay close attention to the dates as week numbers are shifted on the Council site (e.g. Week 1 is listed as Week 2).* Registration links will be posted as soon as they are available (likely January 2020).

## Scouts BSA Summer Camp

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-32225-78467" class="list-group-item">Week 1 --- July 5--11, 2020</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-32225-78467" class="list-group-item">Week 2 --- July 12--18, 2020</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-32225-78467" class="list-group-item">Week 3 --- July 19--25, 2020</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-32225-78467" class="list-group-item">Week 4 --- July 26--August 1, 2020</a>
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-32225-78467" class="list-group-item">Week 5 --- August 2--8, 2020</a>

## Scouts BSA Specialty Camps

> %text-center%
> **Week #3**<br/>
> July 19--25, 2020<br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba/">PADI Scuba Certification Camp</a><br/>
> **Week #5**<br/>
> August 2--8, 2020<br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/trail-to-eagle/">Trail to Eagle Camp</a><br/>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/boy-scouts/special-programs/scuba/">PADI Scuba Certification Camp</a>
