_yrpevents/2024-10-11-centennial-fall-camporee.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: event-item
title: "Fall Centennial Camporee: Pioneering the Future"
tag: scouts-bsa
dates: October 11&ndash;13, 2024
---

An exciting program for Scouts BSA units that will combine pioneering with other outdoor skills and a look into the future of Scouting at Workcoeman. This event will conclude with a Saturday evening campfire to close the 100^th anniversary summer.

Celebrate the end of Camp Workcoeman's Centennial Celebration. This event is
open to Scouts BSA units. This event will focus on the future of Scouting---specifically leadership
development, teamwork, and new programs Scouts may participate in during the second
century of Scouting at Camp Workcoeman.
This event will feature various stations where Scouts participate in skill competitions, tent
camping, troop cooking, a campwide campfire, and more!

A program guide will be released soon, and a pre-camp meeting will be held via Zoom
teleconference in September to assist with planning and communication.

More info coming soon.

Time: October 11 6:00 PM -- October 13 10:00 AM

Scout Cost: $15

Adult Cost: $15

Contact: Jeffrey Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org)

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-80452" class="list-group-item">Register for Fall Centennial Camporee: Pioneering the Future</a>

Commit message:

Add fall centennial camporee program guide.

_yrpevents/2024-10-11-centennial-fall-camporee.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: event-item
title: "Fall Centennial Camporee: Pioneering the Future"
tag: scouts-bsa
dates: October 11&ndash;13, 2024
---

An exciting program for Scouts BSA units that will combine pioneering with other outdoor skills and a look into the future of Scouting at Workcoeman. This event will conclude with a Saturday evening campfire to close the 100^th anniversary summer.

Celebrate the end of Camp Workcoeman's Centennial Celebration. This event is
open to Scouts BSA units. This event will focus on the future of Scouting---specifically leadership
development, teamwork, and new programs Scouts may participate in during the second
century of Scouting at Camp Workcoeman.
This event will feature various stations where Scouts participate in skill competitions, tent
camping, troop cooking, a campwide campfire, and more!

Please see the [program guide]({{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/2024-fall-centennial-camporee-program-guide.pdf) for more information; a pre-camp meeting will be held via Zoom
teleconference in September to assist with planning and communication.

Time: October 11 6:00 PM -- October 13 10:00 AM

Scout Cost: $15

Adult Cost: $15

Contact: Jeffrey Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org)

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-80452" class="list-group-item">Register for Fall Centennial Camporee: Pioneering the Future</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/2024-fall-centennial-camporee-program-guide.pdf" class="list-group-item">Fall Centennial Camporee Program Guide</a>
