_yrpevents/2024-05-17-centennial-spring-camporee.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: event-item
title: "Spring Centennial Camporee: Navigating the Past"
tag: scouts-bsa
dates: May 17&ndash;19, 2024
---

An exciting program for Scouts BSA units that will combine navigation and heritage of the camp itself, all concluding with a Saturday evening campfire to open the 100^th anniversary summer.

This will be one of the main events to mark the 100^th anniversary of Camp Workcoeman! This event will feature a patrol based program, where Scouts will travel to various locations throughout the camp and participate in activities that connect to the history of Camp Workcoeman. Scouts will have the chance to put together a code related to camp history, participate in a patch auction, take part in a campfire on Saturday evening, and to learn and become part of the awesome history of the camp.

Check-in is held on Friday evening from 6:00--8:00 PM; there will be a Saturday morning check-in from 7:00-8:00 AM. Campsites will be assigned in advance and communicated to units beforehand. The event ends at 10:00 AM on Sunday.

All participants will receive a commemorative patch

A program guide will be released soon.

Cost: $15 per participant

Unit registration is available and encouraged.

Contacts:<br>
Jeffrey Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org)<br>
Ted Shreve, [tiki823@gmail.com](mailto:tiki823@gmail.com)

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-78376" class="list-group-item">Register for Spring Centennial Camporee: Navigating the Past</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/spring-centennial-camporee-program-guide.pdf" class="list-group-item">Spring Centennial Camporee Program Guide</a>

Commit message:

Add additional spring events, add spring camporee intent form, add 2024 staff interest form, update Weed Lodge listing, update Shawtown Work Weekend flier, and update campmasters info/add interest form.

_yrpevents/2024-05-17-centennial-spring-camporee.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: event-item
title: "Spring Centennial Camporee: Navigating the Past"
tag: scouts-bsa
dates: May 17&ndash;19, 2024
---

An exciting program for Scouts BSA units that will combine navigation and heritage of the camp itself, all concluding with a Saturday evening campfire to open the 100^th anniversary summer.

This will be one of the main events to mark the 100^th anniversary of Camp Workcoeman! This event will feature a patrol based program, where Scouts will travel to various locations throughout the camp and participate in activities that connect to the history of Camp Workcoeman. Scouts will have the chance to put together a code related to camp history, participate in a patch auction, take part in a campfire on Saturday evening, and to learn and become part of the awesome history of the camp.

Check-in is held on Friday evening from 6:00--8:00 PM; there will be a Saturday morning check-in from 7:00-8:00 AM. Campsites will be assigned in advance and communicated to units beforehand. The event ends at 10:00 AM on Sunday.

All participants will receive a commemorative patch.

Cost: $15 per participant

Unit registration is available and encouraged. Please fill out the intent form below ASAP to help us plan.

Contacts:<br>
Jeffrey Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org)<br>
Ted Shreve, [tiki823@gmail.com](mailto:tiki823@gmail.com)

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-78376" class="list-group-item">Register for Spring Centennial Camporee: Navigating the Past</a>
> <a href="https://forms.gle/VjkLjWY5ue1jhyYQ6" class="list-group-item">Troop Camporee Attendance Intent Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/spring-centennial-camporee-program-guide.pdf" class="list-group-item">Spring Centennial Camporee Program Guide</a>
