---
published: true
layout: event-item
title: Wood Badge NST13-66-26
tag: training, sbsa-training
dates: May 1&ndash;3 and 30&ndash;31, 2026
---

Wood Badge is advanced Scout leader training that began in 1919 by Lord Baden-Powell, founder of Scouting and Wood Badge's first director. It came to America in 1948 and has been updated to reflect current Scouting America policies and programs. Incorporating the best techniques available, Wood Badge has become the most advanced leadership training course in Scouting!

Wood Badge is the highest level of Scout leadership training and provides you with the tools to be a superior leader. The leadership skills taught are for leaders from all Scouting areas including Cub Scouting, Scouts BSAing, Venturing, and the District and Council. The first half of the course utilizes a classroom environment and practical exercises to teach the essentials of leadership. You'll learn what makes leadership work for you in Scouting and your personal life. The second half offers classroom and outdoor experiences to help you learn the application of leadership skills. Finally, you will write and complete a "Ticket." The "Ticket" consists of five written goals. These goals connect your new leadership knowledge to your role in Scouting.

Any Scouter who has attended basic training for their registered position and serves in a leadership role in Scouting or in a position that directly supports a unit can attend.

*Both weekends must be attended.*

Cost:<br>
Early Bird $330 (until January 31, 2026)<br>
Regular $385<br>
Staff: $210

Contact:<br>
Bill Esler, [NST136626@gmail.com](mailto:NST136626@gmail.com)

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-101904" class="list-group-item">Register for Wood Badge NST13-66-26</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctscouting.org/wood-badge" class="list-group-item">Wood Badge Additional Information</a>
> <a href="https://www.ctscouting.org/_files/ugd/9f5458_dfbe3ef2dabc44238d7143cb78e5b81c.pdf" class="list-group-item">Wood Badge Flier</a>
