get-involved/campmasters.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Campmasters of Workcoeman
description: The Camp Workcoeman Campmasters Corps are trained, registered Scouters who have an interest in making the Weekend Outdoor Experience a successful one for all units that choose to come to Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: campmasters
---

## Who are the Campmasters?

The Camp Workcoeman Campmasters Corps is made of adult volunteers throughout
the Connecticut Rivers Council. They are trained, registered Scouters who have
an interest in making the Weekend Outdoor Experience a successful one for all
units that choose to come to Camp Workcoeman. After a short orientation
program, they each choose from two to four weekends per year to stay at the
camp helping check units in at the beginning of their stay and supporting the
units' needs. They also keep a watchful eye on the camp facilities to help
ensure campers properly take care of the property.

The Campmaster Program is a national program with guidelines set up from
National, the local council and the camp where they volunteer. The main
function of the Campmaster is to be a friendly and supportive addition to the
Weekend Camp Staff.

All Campmasters are a resource to the Camp Ranger. Meetings are scheduled to
evaluate its program, make scheduling assignments, and arrange for the training
of any new members. All Campmasters must have a record of demonstrated ability
to get along with people, to lead, and to act in an emergency.

All Campmasters must have a working knowledge of the Scouting program and
advancement. Registered Scouters, with experience in Cub Scouts, Scouts BSA, and
Venturing are eligible for consideration as Campmasters.

If you are interested in being a Campmaster, please contact Ranger Frank
Galliher at (860) 379-2207 or [rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org).

Commit message:

Add additional spring events, add spring camporee intent form, add 2024 staff interest form, update Weed Lodge listing, update Shawtown Work Weekend flier, and update campmasters info/add interest form.

get-involved/campmasters.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Campmasters of Workcoeman
description: The Camp Workcoeman Campmasters Corps are trained, registered Scouters who have an interest in making the Weekend Outdoor Experience a successful one for all units that choose to come to Camp Workcoeman.
keywords: campmasters
---

## Who are the Campmasters?

The Camp Workcoeman Campmasters Corps is made of adult volunteers throughout
the Connecticut Rivers Council. They are trained, registered Scouters who have
an interest in making the Weekend Outdoor Experience a successful one for all
units that choose to come to Camp Workcoeman. After a short orientation
program, they each choose from two to four weekends per year to stay at the
camp helping check units in at the beginning of their stay and supporting the
units' needs. They also keep a watchful eye on the camp facilities to help
ensure campers properly take care of the property.

The Campmaster Program is a national program with guidelines set up from
National, the local council and the camp where they volunteer. The main
function of the Campmaster is to be a friendly and supportive addition to the
Weekend Camp Staff.

All Campmasters are a resource to the Camp and Council staff. Meetings are scheduled to
evaluate its program, make scheduling assignments, and arrange for the training
of any new members. All Campmasters must have a record of demonstrated ability
to get along with people, to lead, and to act in an emergency.

All Campmasters must have a working knowledge of the Scouting program and
advancement. Registered Scouters, with experience in Cub Scouts, Scouts BSA, and
Venturing are eligible for consideration as Campmasters.

## Help us restart our Campmaster Corps

Help us to provide quality customer service to units visiting camp on weekends by helping us to restart our campmaster corps. Should you be interested in helping with this important task, please complete the Google Form available via the link below. Please know that this responsibility would only be 1--2 weekends per year and come with training being held soon.

Please contact Jeff Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org) with questions.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/fkg8Ck23s1zS2y1y7" class="list-group-item">Spring 2024 Campmaster Interest Form</a>
