get-involved/work-days.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2024 Work Days
description: Members of the Citizens of Shawtown gather at camp on (generally) the fourth Saturday of each month to help the camp ranger with projects around camp. Your help is greatly appreciated!
keywords: work days, volunteer
---

## Shawtown Work Days

Pre-planned mini-work parties (in conjunction with the Ranger's needs) will be held from 9:00 AM to 3:00 PM on various Saturdays throughout the year; in 2024, these workdays are scheduled so as not to conflict with other activities at camp where volunteers are needed. The day starts with coffee "and" at 8:45 AM and lunch will be provided. We will tackle jobs large and small throughout the camp to assure an awesome experience for any Scouts or Scouters attending Camp Workcoeman this year and for years to come!

If you plan on attending, please email Brian Cornell ([bcornell@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:bcornell@campworkcoeman.org)) by the Wednesday before the work day to let him know you're coming; he'll let you know the projects to be addressed and any special attire or equipment needs.

Saturday, January 20, 2024

Saturday, February 17, 2024

March 8--10, 2024 (1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend)

Saturday, June 1, 2024 (Beaver Day & Steak Dinner)

Saturday, July 27, 2024

Fall Workdays TBD

## Beaver Day

Saturday, June 1, 2024

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/2023-beaver-day-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 Beaver Day Flier (Coming Soon)</a>

## Retiree Corp

Members of the camp community who are currently retired gather at camp on the
second and fourth Tuesday of every month to work on small projects. For more
information contact Ranger Frank at [rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org).

Your help is greatly appreciated!

Commit message:

Add Citizens of Shawtown Work Weekend and shooting sports trainings.

get-involved/work-days.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: 2024 Work Days
description: Members of the Citizens of Shawtown gather at camp on (generally) the fourth Saturday of each month to help the camp ranger with projects around camp. Your help is greatly appreciated!
keywords: work days, volunteer
---

## Shawtown Work Days

Pre-planned mini-work parties (in conjunction with the Ranger's needs) will be held from 9:00 AM to 3:00 PM on various Saturdays throughout the year; in 2024, these workdays are scheduled so as not to conflict with other activities at camp where volunteers are needed. The day starts with coffee "and" at 8:45 AM and lunch will be provided. We will tackle jobs large and small throughout the camp to assure an awesome experience for any Scouts or Scouters attending Camp Workcoeman this year and for years to come!

If you plan on attending, please email Brian Cornell ([bcornell@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:bcornell@campworkcoeman.org)) by the Wednesday before the work day to let him know you're coming; he'll let you know the projects to be addressed and any special attire or equipment needs.

Saturday, January 20, 2024

Saturday, February 17, 2024

March 8--10, 2024 (1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend)

Saturday, June 1, 2024 (Beaver Day & Steak Dinner)

Saturday, July 27, 2024

Fall Workdays TBD

## 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend

March 8--10, 2024

New for 2024, the Citizens of Shawtown are planning a weekend event for work and fellowship to prepare for camp's centennial season. The event runs from Friday evening through lunch on Sunday, but volunteers are welcome for whatever portion of the weekend they're able to attend. See below for the event flier with additional information and the RSVP link (please respond by March 1, 2024).

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://forms.gle/t3tx46dyJKeY6PwM7" class="list-group-item">2024 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend RSVP Form</a>
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2024/2024-shawtown-work-weekend-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 1^st Annual Shawtown Fellowship Work Weekend Flier</a>

## Beaver Day

Saturday, June 1, 2024

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/2023-beaver-day-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 Beaver Day Flier (Coming Soon)</a>

## Beaver Day

Saturday, June 1, 2024

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2023/2023-beaver-day-flier.pdf" class="list-group-item">2024 Beaver Day Flier (Coming Soon)</a>

## Retiree Corp

Members of the camp community who are currently retired gather at camp on the
second and fourth Tuesday of every month to work on small projects. For more
information contact Ranger Frank at [rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:rangerfrank@campworkcoeman.org).

Your help is greatly appreciated!
