scouts-bsa/special-programs/index.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Special Programs
keywords: special programs, programs
---

## Scuba

A new challenge for Scouts who would like to discover the depths of West
Hill Pond. During our two Waterfront Weeks, a professional instructor will come to camp to teach
Scouts about scuba diving. All participants will have a chance to
spend time under water to see what it is all about.

> %list-group%
> <a href="scuba/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## Pistol Shooting Program

Camp Workcoeman is one of a select few camps that participates in the Boy Scouts of America's
Summer Camp Pistol Shooting Program. The program is open to all Scouts who are at least 13 and have
completed the eighth grade. Scouts will receive a safety briefing and instruction followed by the opportunity
to earn various pistol marksmanship qualifications. Due to the low instructor to shooter ratio, space is
extremely limited. The program runs July 6 and 27, 2022 and costs $45. An additional signed
participation waiver is required.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2017/2017-pistol-pilot-program-release-agreement.pdf" class="list-group-item">Pistol Program Release Agreement</a>

## Skills Clinics

New for 2022, Camp Workcoeman will be offering various skills clinics on Wednesdays throughout the summer. These include a Wood Tools & Fire Building Clinic, a Pioneering & Orienteering Clinic, a Swimming & Boating Requirements Clinic, and a 'Big Boats' Sailing Clinic. Full information is available on the [Summer 2022]({{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/summer-programs/) page.

## Huck Finn Tube Ride

Your troop can arrange for a tubing trip down the Farmington River through
Satan's Kingdom---a great way to spend a hot summer afternoon! Reservations
must be made in advance at the pre-camp planning meeting. Transportation to and
from the river is up to the troop. An additional fee and a completed parental
permission form is required for all youth participants. As this is considered
an individual troop activity, a Tour Permit must be submitted; this can be done
at the Camp Office. Please visit the
[Farmington River Tubing website](http://www.farmingtonrivertubing.com/) for
more information. A link to the parental waiver is located at the top of the
page.

Commit message:

Add (most) summer 2023 Scouts BSA program info; reorganize parts of website as necessary.

scouts-bsa/special-programs/index.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: Special Programs
keywords: special programs, programs
---

## Scuba

A new challenge for Scouts who would like to discover the depths of West
Hill Pond. During our two Aquatics & More Weeks, a professional instructor will come to camp to teach
Scouts about scuba diving. All participants will have a chance to
spend time under water to see what it is all about.

> %list-group%
> <a href="scuba/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT)

National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) is the BSA's premier youth leadership development program at the Council level. It's an exciting 6-day program designed for youth to learn leadership skills that will help them succeed in Scouting and in life. 

> %list-group%
> <a href="nylt/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## Powder Horn High-Adventure Management Course

Powder Horn is a course designed to introduce Scouting's adults and youth to resources for making exciting high-adventure programs successful for their units. The course provides units the ability to achieve the mission of the Boy Scouts of America.

> %list-group%
> <a href="powder-horn/" class="list-group-item">More Information</a>

## Pistol Shooting Program

Camp Workcoeman is one of a select few camps that participates in the Boy Scouts of America's
Summer Camp Pistol Shooting Program. The program is open to all Scouts who are at least 13 and have
completed the eighth grade. Scouts will receive a safety briefing and instruction followed by the opportunity
to earn various pistol marksmanship qualifications. Due to the low instructor to shooter ratio, space is
extremely limited. The program will be offered four times throughout the summer: July 5, July 12, July 26, and August 2, 2023; the cost is $45. An additional signed
participation waiver is required.

> %list-group%
> <a href="{{ site.url }}/pdf/2017/2017-pistol-pilot-program-release-agreement.pdf" class="list-group-item">Pistol Program Release Agreement</a>

## Huck Finn Tube Ride

Your troop can arrange for a tubing trip down the Farmington River through
Satan's Kingdom---a great way to spend a hot summer afternoon! Reservations
must be made in advance at the pre-camp planning meeting. Transportation to and
from the river is up to the troop. An additional fee and a completed parental
permission form is required for all youth participants. As this is considered
an individual troop activity, a Tour Permit must be submitted; this can be done
at the Camp Office. Please visit the
[Farmington River Tubing website](http://www.farmingtonrivertubing.com/) for
more information. A link to the parental waiver is located at the top of the
page.
