scouts-bsa/special-programs/nylt.md, before:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) &mdash; July 9&ndash;15, 2023
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, summer camp, National Youth Leadership Training, NYLT"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Registration for 2023 summer programs is now open.
<a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/register/">
Register today!</a>
</div>

National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) is the BSA's premier youth leadership development program at the Council level. It's  an exciting 6-day program designed for youth to learn leadership skills that will help them succeed in Scouting and in life. 

## Wait List Registration

Registering for NYLT is on a "wait list" approach to avoid participants registering and paying without Scoutmaster recommendation. Here's how wait list registration works:

- Click on the green "Waitlist" box on the registration page, then "Register Waitlist" from the next screen
- Enter the information for the participant(s) you're signing up for the course
- Within a week, we'll reach out to the participant's Scoutmaster or unit leader to confirm their recommendation
- You'll receive an e-mail notice to go back in and complete registration and payment

Registration is complete when participants are fully paid and have submitted Code of Conduct and complete Health Form.

## Who Should Attend

Scouts who have held leadership roles in their unit and are expected to advance to more senior leadership positions. Participants must be mature enough to spend a week away from their home unit and family.

## NYLT Eligibility Requirements

*Participants Must:*

- Meet age/rank requirements
- Scouts BSA: Ages 13-17 and First Class or higher rank
- Venturers & Sea Scouts: Ages 14-20, or 13+ and finished 8th grade
- Complete Introduction to Leadership Skills for Troops, Crews, or Ships\*
- Be registered in a Scouting unit
- Have unit leader recommendation
- Have basic camping and outdoor cooking experience
- Commit to attending the entire course (no leaving early or during the week)

\* Introduction to Leadership Skills for Troops (ILST), Crews (ILSC), and Ships (ILSS) should be offered through a Scout's home unit. Ask your Unit Leader how you can participate in this course.

## What NYLT Is (and Isn't)

NYLT is an inspiring, fast-paced mix of learning leadership and team-building skills and putting those skills into practice. Concepts are on par with Wood Badge and corporate programs, in an exciting, fun outdoor Scouting environment geared toward teens. The course is designed to mimic a month in the life of a Troop, Crew, or Ship, from planning to going on a major event or campout. NYLT is not like summer camp and doesn't include most summer camp activities, rank advancement, or earning merit badges. It is essential that NYLT participants be physically, emotionally, and mentally prepared to handle the demands of this advanced training. In order to get the most benefit from this unique experience, participants must exhibit emotional maturity, a positive attitude, proficiency in basic camping and outdoor cooking, and have an ambition to serve in leadership roles.

### Behavior at NYLT

Participants agree to conduct themselves in accordance with the Scout Oath and Law, Youth Protection requirements, and the Guide to Safe Scouting. They must be committed to their own personal growth, contributing to a healthy and safe environment on course, and to the overall success of other participants.

### Questions?

For specific questions about the course or the NYLT program overall, contact Course Director Jeff Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).

Follow Connecticut Rivers Council NYLT on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nyltctrivers) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/nyltctrivers/).

[Financial assistance]({{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/fees/camperships/) is available.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-67048" class="list-group-item">Register for National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT)</a>

Commit message:

Add precamp meeting dates, staff/CIT application links, and BALOO weekend registration links.

scouts-bsa/special-programs/nylt.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: generic
title: National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) &mdash; July 9&ndash;15, 2023
keywords: "Boy Scout, Scouts BSA, summer camp, National Youth Leadership Training, NYLT"
---

<div class="alert alert-info">
Registration for 2023 summer programs is now open.
<a href="{{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/register/">
Register today!</a>
</div>

National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT) is the BSA's premier youth leadership development program at the Council level. It's  an exciting 6-day program designed for youth to learn leadership skills that will help them succeed in Scouting and in life. 

## Wait List Registration

Registering for NYLT is on a "wait list" approach to avoid participants registering and paying without Scoutmaster recommendation. Here's how wait list registration works:

- Click on the green "Waitlist" box on the registration page, then "Register Waitlist" from the next screen
- Enter the information for the participant(s) you're signing up for the course
- Within a week, we'll reach out to the participant's Scoutmaster or unit leader to confirm their recommendation
- You'll receive an e-mail notice to go back in and complete registration and payment

Registration is complete when participants are fully paid and have submitted Code of Conduct and complete Health Form.

## Who Should Attend

Scouts who have held leadership roles in their unit and are expected to advance to more senior leadership positions. Participants must be mature enough to spend a week away from their home unit and family.

## NYLT Eligibility Requirements

*Participants Must:*

- Meet age/rank requirements
- Scouts BSA: Ages 13-17 and First Class or higher rank
- Venturers & Sea Scouts: Ages 14-20, or 13+ and finished 8th grade
- Complete Introduction to Leadership Skills for Troops, Crews, or Ships\*
- Be registered in a Scouting unit
- Have unit leader recommendation
- Have basic camping and outdoor cooking experience
- Commit to attending the entire course (no leaving early or during the week)
- Attend the required precamp meeting at camp on Thursday, June 8, 2023 at 7 PM.

\* Introduction to Leadership Skills for Troops (ILST), Crews (ILSC), and Ships (ILSS) should be offered through a Scout's home unit. Ask your Unit Leader how you can participate in this course.

## What NYLT Is (and Isn't)

NYLT is an inspiring, fast-paced mix of learning leadership and team-building skills and putting those skills into practice. Concepts are on par with Wood Badge and corporate programs, in an exciting, fun outdoor Scouting environment geared toward teens. The course is designed to mimic a month in the life of a Troop, Crew, or Ship, from planning to going on a major event or campout. NYLT is not like summer camp and doesn't include most summer camp activities, rank advancement, or earning merit badges. It is essential that NYLT participants be physically, emotionally, and mentally prepared to handle the demands of this advanced training. In order to get the most benefit from this unique experience, participants must exhibit emotional maturity, a positive attitude, proficiency in basic camping and outdoor cooking, and have an ambition to serve in leadership roles.

### Behavior at NYLT

Participants agree to conduct themselves in accordance with the Scout Oath and Law, Youth Protection requirements, and the Guide to Safe Scouting. They must be committed to their own personal growth, contributing to a healthy and safe environment on course, and to the overall success of other participants.

### Questions?

For specific questions about the course or the NYLT program overall, contact Course Director Jeff Seiser, [jseiser@campworkcoeman.org](mailto:jseiser@campworkcoeman.org).

Follow Connecticut Rivers Council NYLT on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nyltctrivers) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/nyltctrivers/).

[Financial assistance]({{ site.url }}/scouts-bsa/fees/camperships/) is available.

> %list-group%
> <a href="https://scoutingevent.com/066-67048" class="list-group-item">Register for National Youth Leadership Training (NYLT)</a>
